---
title: Boss
author: logician
layout: post
permalink: /definitions/boss/
aktt_notify_twitter:
  - yes
idNumber:
  - 34
aktt_tweeted:
  - 1
robotsmeta:
  - index,follow
---
Bosses arrange your life. Most people don&#8217;t even like their bosses. <!--more-->It&#8217;s hard to accept the fact that someone taller than you or larger philisically (why are they all called phil anyway&#8230;) is the director in the path of your career. Come into work and he or she has it all laid out for you. When you&#8217;ll go on lunch, where you&#8217;ll put your bag, the number of your locker and the maximum allowable length of a shoelace. The question that stands 

*meaty* and *true* (like a pig that can&#8217;t lie and has been frozen alive) is how did they get to be the boss. Why aren&#8217;t you hired as a boss straight away? For some reason it&#8217;s only after some time or age that you become a boss. I guess it&#8217;s not that complicated, after all you only learn the ability to talk to office furtniture when you hit what&#8230; 45? Then you&#8217;ve got real power.

&#8220;hey jerry have you seen my pen?&#8221;

&#8220;no but I can call it to you if you make me boss!&#8221;

&#8220;wow ok I guess that&#8217;s fair.&#8221;

Desks, chairs, office appliances.. the printer for God&#8217;s sake. Bosses are made bosses because they have power over their environment. Of course that&#8217;s only the beginning, the older someone gets beyond the initial office-equipment-age the more strength they have. Once you hit 30 you can turn office supplies into suits. Why do you think that the big wigs always have the fancy suits? In fact, why can the big wigs suddenly afford BIG WIGS. Because those wigs were not always wigs. No children, they were desks. Old printers, lamps. The only reason you&#8217;re told to recycle at work is so the boss has more ammo to make crap out of. Watch your back.