---
title: Broccoli
author: logician
layout: post
permalink: /definitions/broccoli/
aktt_notify_twitter:
  - yes
idNumber:
  - 28
aktt_tweeted:
  - 1
---
Fridge! Report for duty. Good. Plug yourself in!<!--more--> I&#8217;m happy that you made it on time tonight because there is quite a feast about to occur. The dinner places are all laid out. What&#8217;s that? You have an issue with your innards!? Disgusting! Ok I&#8217;ll have a look. The fridge door opens and there&#8217;s a huge party going on in the vegetable drawer. Who&#8217;s responsible for this mess? The carrot is fornicating with the onion. The milk has gone rancid and is releasing all over its brother the cheese and 

*son of a bitch *now the broccoli is starting a fight. Broccoli is a sad, but happily green vegetable. In fact the fact that it&#8217;s green is one of the only things that it is proud of. Broccoli drinks too much. It smokes, drinks and goes to the local pub to try and pick up in vain every single day. Why? Because The stalk of the vegetable is where the main broccoli brain is but see all those offshoots sticking out of the stop? In each one lies another brain.

No one could properly live with that much competition for the direction of the being so eventually it goes mad and another stalk is added. This is why when we buy a broccoli stalk we cut it into bits before eating. We&#8217;re saving the broccoli from itself by breaking off the extra brains that try to run the body simultaneously. The happiest a broccoli is at is when you throw it in the compost bins. That&#8217;s just another reason that humans are kind to vegetables and terrible to meat. More on this another time perhaps..