---
title: Foil
author: logician
layout: post
permalink: /definitions/foil/
aktt_notify_twitter:
  - yes
idNumber:
  - 40
aktt_tweeted:
  - 1
robotsmeta:
  - index,follow
---
What is your concept of hell? <!--more-->Is it sitting through \*insert an annoying event\* while you&#8217;re strapped to the chair? Is it signing your name on a piece of paper that keeps getting a little smaller every second that passes? Maybe the cat has decided that your face is a kitty litter! Hey they&#8217;re all bad things that are constantly recurring.

Hell is here on earth. It is all around you. Maybe it&#8217;s in your kitchen? Yes, it is in your kitchen. You turn on the griller to make some fucking cheese on bread. Awesome. Now you go to the cupboard and there it is, staring at you like you&#8217;ve committed sin. Let&#8217;s try to understand foil and the dispenser which is so accurately housed in.

You&#8217;re dead. God flips a coin and it turns out you&#8217;re hellbound. It all goes dark. You feel tight. It&#8217;s surprisingly cold in here. Dark as well. Almost metallic. Then you feel your lips being ripped off. Your jaw is dislocated and suddenly you feel your soul splitting, torn on the metal teeth.

The part of your soul that has been excruciatingly cut off is put under the burning flames of the grill or the oven. As much as it burns relentlessly you aren&#8217;t being physically hurt. And that part of your soul is used again and again until it&#8217;s too dirty, at which point it&#8217;s crushed into a ball and put in the bin. This happens again and again, each time more of your soul severed and abused. Eventually you are but a lifeless soul, completely out of your head. There is no future for an empty foil dispenser.