---
title: Ducks
author: logician
layout: post
permalink: /definitions/ducks/
aktt_notify_twitter:
  - yes
idNumber:
  - 16
aktt_tweeted:
  - 1
requestPost:
  - evin
robotsmeta:
  - index,follow
---
Someone once told me years and years ago that ducks were like birds without souls. <!--more-->This fact stuck with me and led to my fascination with them. Without a soul how can a bird love another bird? Have little birdlings? Tracey, Putnam, Like-Roger and Fran. None of these ducks or their very duck-like personalities are possible if the duck itself is without a soul. I came to the factual conclusion that if the duck has no soul, it would follow that it may be a descendant of the devil.

Now diligent readers, what is the devil&#8217;s word? **Fuck.** Fuck is the devil&#8217;s word. Fuck is very close to duck. In fact the letter &#8220;F&#8221; is 6 letters away from &#8220;D&#8221; in the alphabet. The devil&#8217;s 6 is the devil&#8217;s number. Now very recently a study was undertaken to see what would happen if 6 ducks were placed in a room with recordings of President Obama exclaiming loudly the word &#8220;FUCK&#8221;. Here are some observations from the experiment:

#### 16:00

Ducks responding to obama&#8217;s words and are having copious amounts of sex.

#### 20:00

Ducks plotting the downfall of the human race, drawing maps of Ireland and Italy and burning them after they&#8217;ve coloured all the states different colours.

#### 22:00

Ducks have lined up next to the door, 3 on either side. Very suspicious. The investigator goes in to see what is going on and the ducks jump him, sucking on his ears and demanding bread. The investigator&#8217;s eyes inexplicably explode. One of the ducks has a wizard hat on and is casting spells. One of the ducks has taken all of the jewels from the investigators jewel encrusted necklace and is combining them in a <a href="http://www.d2tomb.com/horadric_cube.shtml" target="_blank">horadric cube</a>. The Investigator is murdered and the party of ducks leave the room, watching it burst into flame as they leave.

Ducks = The devil.