---
title: CCTV
author: logician
layout: post
permalink: /definitions/cctv/
aktt_notify_twitter:
  - yes
idNumber:
  - 96
aktt_tweeted:
  - 1
robotsmeta:
  - index,follow
---
Closed circuit television. Invented in 1956 by the Melbourne Olympic Torch, <!--more-->this system for observing people was initially a great financial success. People purchased them en masse and installed them in their homes so they could make sure the security of their homes was not compromised by the local magpies.

Soon after installation the cameras revealed a fatal flaw, namely that they don&#8217;t actually record anything at all. The inventor figured that if you made something with a closed circuit it might be able to build up enough looped energy to zap someone nearby with the data. This hypothesis was based on 0% empirical evidence and was soon ruled out as cameras around the country blew up dude to short circuiting. The inventor even tried to make a camera that &#8220;long circuited&#8221; due to the cables being over 20,000km long. If the camera could stay on for long enough then at least some data could be salvaged.

After abandoning the project and putting out the olympic flame at the closing ceremony the CCTV hadn&#8217;t many places to go. It seemed that there was no viable method of caputuring the activities of  others and putting them on the internet/government. The world turned to the local roosters and asked them to help. In their lab coats the roosters watched through the rain as the gruel was cooked for them to eat.

Eventually they emerged from the pen with a dead rooster with one eye poked out. They had shoved some memory eggs up its ass and when these were pulled out they were found to have intricate patterns and shapes on the surface. This was the first instance of non-tape recording. The start of memory was organic. That&#8217;s why people go overboard in porn and say things like &#8220;show me your huge fucking cock&#8221; . It&#8217;s cos there&#8217;s roosters/cocks involved in cinematography.