---
title: Oven
author: logician
layout: post
permalink: /definitions/oven/
aktt_notify_twitter:
  - yes
idNumber:
  - 43
aktt_tweeted:
  - 1
robotsmeta:
  - index,follow
---
It&#8217;s winter. That means you have to follow this protocol to the number. <!--more-->Are we clear? Good. Begin.

Turn on your oven. The thing in the kitchen that has the dial with settings &#8220;hot&#8221; and &#8220;off&#8221;. Switch the oven to &#8220;hot&#8221; and wait about 48 hours. By that time the oven should be on. If it&#8217;s not on, switch it to hot. I told you the first time to TURN IT TO HOT and you didn&#8217;t even listen. One sentence into the definition.

The oven is on, and we&#8217;re ready to go. Open it and leave it open. Leave it on for roughly 12 months and then come back. Is it still on? How hot is it outside? You&#8217;ve just helped make Australia to a temperature of about 35 degrees. How do you think you go from cold to hot unless everyone leaves their ovens on and open to raise the earth&#8217;s temperature? So now you&#8217;ve had enough hot weather. Good. Let&#8217;s make autumn. Disconnect your oven from the mains power and gas but leave it on. That way you can have a fully functional, portable oven!

Get on your crane. The 70 storey one out the back. Now pick up the hot oven, make sure you put oven mitts on the crane holder thing though, we don&#8217;t want the crane burnt! Now move the oven around to all of the green trees in the neighbourhood and dry out the leaves so they turn brown and start to FALL off the tree. Now you&#8217;ve changed the season again! Ovens, humanity&#8217;s way of controlling atmospheric changes.