---
title: Sipping
author: logician
layout: post
permalink: /definitions/sipping/
aktt_notify_twitter:
  - yes
idNumber:
  - 112
aktt_tweeted:
  - 1
robotsmeta:
  - index,follow
---
The great Australian/British tradition. <!--more-->To sit and sip tea. With other people around. So stepping backg from the basics, why do we sip. We have a cup of boiling beverage that is WAY too hot for us to drink.. why not use a thermometer to test the liquid. Why do we risk the burn-free state of our tongues for the sake of a shitty drink. You don&#8217;t see nelson mandela chewing some cyanide to see how poisonous it is. You don&#8217;t see your best friend shooting you in the head to see how dead that would make you. The answer to that one is you&#8217;d be mostly dead. Maybe dead if he stamped on your balls with iron boots.

It is apparent that as Australians we communicate most effectively through brute force. So bashing people up gets the message across. Where is the place that most conversation happens? The hairdresser. They&#8217;re CHOPPING off your hair for fuck&#8217;s sake and we *LOVE* that shit. So sipping tea is the mildest form of this. Let&#8217;s say you&#8217;re sitting in a group of about 6 people. They&#8217;re all wondering how you&#8217;re going, what your current job is and where you&#8217;re heading in life. Note that if you start going into a tirade of joy about your wonderful life they&#8217;ll go silent and drink their tea a lot faster. They&#8217;re much more likely to burn their tongues. They do this so you shut the hell up and they get some much needed medical attention. We balance out wankers by burning our tongues.

Another reason we really try hard to injure our mouths is that there is no reason for us to talk so much. It&#8217;s like our brain sub-consciously telling us that if there&#8217;s too much bullshit flying around it&#8217;ll burn your tastebuds into oblivion, making speaking irritable. So the main lesson to be learnt is shut up and drink your tea.