---
title: Money
author: logician
layout: post
permalink: /definitions/money/
aktt_notify_twitter:
  - yes
idNumber:
  - 60
robotsmeta:
  - index,follow
aktt_tweeted:
  - 1
---
Work hard at your desk. <!--more-->I&#8217;m at a desk sometimes and if I&#8217;ve got one thing to say, it&#8217;s money. Wait&#8230; romance novel? Ummmm throbbing destruction? Clamoring uhhh banister surfing? No no ok I&#8217;ll describe money. Where the hell does it come from? Everytime we work we get these little shiny things which are a lot like hardened sweat and bones. Notes which scream of human skin. That brought me to start thinking&#8230; how is it that we have so much money and not many people? There is clearly more money in the world than people.

Suits. People wear them to look sharp, presentable blahblah. They represent money, and people are only eve fired if they&#8217;re wearing one. Seriously find me one person who wasn&#8217;t fired in a suit. You can&#8217;t because when you&#8217;re fired you&#8217;re literally fired. Smelted down into money. The phrase **&#8220;money-maker&#8221;** is a literal translation from the process that occurs at the end of a rich dude&#8217;s career.

Sure they get buried in the ground after they&#8217;ve been fired but that&#8217;s just a a cover. Under the earth in hell their bodies are later sent to be smelted in the fires of hell and then the notes and coins are sent into circulation. Sure they can&#8217;t make them all the same, some people&#8217;s skin is dry and papery, used for paper money, some are young when they finish their rise to the top and they are used to make the far superior plastic money. Why else would paper money still be in circulation, it&#8217;s highly fragile and useless. Just like ancient businessmen.