---
title: Crumbs
author: logician
layout: post
permalink: /definitions/crumbs/
aktt_notify_twitter:
  - yes
  - yes
idNumber:
  - 129
aktt_tweeted:
  - 1
robotsmeta:
  - index,follow
---
The daily bread is a religious <!--more-->and sensible rhyme that goes something like: Yo we got bread motherfucker stick your oven up your head moutherfucker eat it down like you know it&#8217;s cunnilingus driving separation of crumbs&#8221;. While technically not biblical, I wouldn&#8217;t be that surprised if it was at least present in some Hip Hop culture bible. So really at a molecular level bread is made up of crumbs, small pieces of deliciously flavoured dust. A baker&#8217;s job is never finished really because not only is there high demand for bread, they have to search high and wide for the correct dust, going though suburban vacuum cleaners. That&#8217;s why they work at night. During the day they&#8217;re breaking into houses looking for this wanderdust while normal people work and at night they cook. Why do you think there&#8217;s so much dust in the world? It&#8217;s crumbs! Close to all of the stuff you vacuum up is actually highly edible. No one but bakers are aware of this secret either. Now that everyone in the world has read this we can break free of the tyranny. Baker&#8217;s Delight? Or&#8230; Baker&#8217;s Deright&#8230; Deright being the opposite of right.

Now go to your cupboard and look for the flour. What happens if you put flour, eggs and water in a bread pan and in the oven? Pancakes. The average person can make pancakes but bread? No. Not unless you&#8217;re paid by god to collect dust. It goes without saying that in all likelihood the role of baker is as close to god as you can get. I mean fucking hell he must have them in some magical place hey! Remember that time he made 4 billion loaves of bread from five or something? The <a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Feeding_the_multitude" target="_blank">story goes </a>that the bread suddenly appeared and everyone got fed. So bread appears from no where&#8230; either from heaven or hell. Now if you really consider it the bread was probably cooked in hell because it&#8217;s nice and warm down there. So maybe this magic bread was the seed of the devil himself. In which case one may have to read the bible upside down. Or backwards to invert the logic of a parable being an inversion of actuality.