---
title: Lap
author: logician
layout: post
permalink: /definitions/lap/
aktt_notify_twitter:
  - yes
  - yes
idNumber:
  - 125
aktt_tweeted:
  - 1
robotsmeta:
  - index,follow
---
Down the road from me there&#8217;s a park. <!--more-->Inside the park are some trees and the grass is covered with the ground. Every day at 8am when I&#8217;m mostly never up I see a medium sized man and his very tiny sausage (dog) running past our house and toward the ground. They get inside the park gates and stop to do each other&#8217;s shoes up. After this they begin to slowly jog around the park, the man looking around as he does to make sure he is the king of that domain. The dog runs in a concise path in front of him, perhaps considering the validity of hereditary defects in the final eventuality of his existence.

Objectively I often watch them, following in my underwear outside into the fresh and groin reducing winter air. To put it another way and to skip a bit of toss and wank to the point, why do this pair of mostly unfit people go to a round area of place and do *laps*? They go around about 10-12 times. It takes them four minutes each time, a time I could beat even if I was bashed in the head four times after each lap. Why don&#8217;t they run somewhere DIFFERENT every time. There is no reason why a person should subject his daily 5km to the rigors of zero value brain time. So what, your legs learn to be a bit fitter, your chest is in pain because you probably just smoke 2 decks after the run is done and your brain learns that that tree has a little less leaves than yesterday.

Why not jog to solve a mystery? In fact why not incorporate the physical act of jogging with searching for lost children? If everyone in the city jogged to new places each day, we&#8217;d on average find four children in the nooks and crannies of the city. So what I&#8217;m saying is the point of jogging is for personal gain. The point of laps is psychological atrophy. The point of my plan is saving children as well as psychological gain and physical whoopee