---
title: Belief
author: logician
layout: post
permalink: /definitions/belief/
aktt_notify_twitter:
  - yes
idNumber:
  - 94
aktt_tweeted:
  - 1
robotsmeta:
  - index,follow
---
There&#8217;s a saying that if you put rocket boots on <!--more-->and pretend you&#8217;re a space ship that you can get into space and not die because spaceships don&#8217;t have to breathe. Well as most sayings are bullshit one could assume that this one is too. Well it isn&#8217;t and I&#8217;m not. I&#8217;m not a rocketship. But if I truly believed I was I could be. I could live forever on no food, no water and no life. Death counts as life if you&#8217;re a spaceship because no one has defined the border between end and start.

A lot of philosophers have put forward this argument of existence as directly related to belief. If we don&#8217;t believe in ANYTHING then we aren&#8217;t what other people talk about behind our backs. Most backs don&#8217;t have hair either. So the hairs on the backs of the average person can&#8217;t even detect lies &#8230; unless there&#8217;s an earthquake.

Now let&#8217;s say you have a child and you convince that child for its entire life that the neighbour lady is the person who matters the most. The child grows up and ends up stalking the neighbour lady. One day the poor old hag dies. Well she&#8217;s gone, where does your child look now? This direction is stumped. There&#8217;s a dead end and people hate that shit. The thing is the only solice we have is in using direction to guide us.

It&#8217;s all about the innate sense of direction that people have. We all want to be tall, have a red beard and long hair and drum. Not everyone can get there but you can all try and be me anyway. Notice that this striving can be translated to the POSITIVE end of the axis of direction.  The very nature of good things is that they move forward.

It is here we find the basis for belief and for the fulfilling push it gives. We always strive forward. Now lie down. Look up to the sky. The sky is something that humanity can never, ever achieve. We&#8217;re just too shit. We can&#8217;t conquer it, we can&#8217;t fully comprehend it and we sure as hell will never know where it ends. But if we make up a connection to it then we can feel like nothing else matters. Nothing except that connection.

We have this bond that means that if we feel like it we can make any decision based on it because the sky is so fucking huge. Without the sky half of the world would feel absolutely no purpose and would off themselves or just wander aimlessly, feeling that striving for anything is pointless. The great thing about the sky is that supposedly when you die you come out of your body as a ghost and you can fly. People can be content in death knowing the sky can take them anywhere. The worst thing for us would be to go *down* because we hate regression and we&#8217;re scared of shit that&#8217;s behind us. Backwards, down, the deep south is against our nature.