---
title: Fresh
author: logician
layout: post
permalink: /definitions/fresh/
aktt_notify_twitter:
  - yes
idNumber:
  - 95
aktt_tweeted:
  - 1
robotsmeta:
  - noindex,nofollow
---
The latest in food fashion is often touted as &#8220;fresh&#8221;. <!--more-->Tomatoes on the catwalk, parading like nobody&#8217;s business. By a similar token the grocery store down the road once fed me food that was off and mangled like a nasty rotting sweater. Evidently we begin in a fashion similar to fashion. Some poor bastard&#8217;s sperm manages to WANGle its way into some poor lady&#8217;s egg and shazam! We&#8217;ve got some kind of creature that&#8217;s ready to reproduce just as much as you were, if not more. I would not have wanted to raise me and that means I probably won&#8217;t want to raise a kid, especially if it gets older faster than me. So when you get given a new concept or as some would say.. a &#8220;fresh&#8221; concept consider that it&#8217;s probably been used before. Or dug up from the dirt.

The very idea that something is &#8220;fresh&#8221; implies that it is both new and somehow cleaner than new. Cleaner than new? Let&#8217;s go to woolworths. Supposedly they are touted as &#8220;the fresh people&#8221;. Confusingly a lot of their food isn&#8217;t fresh at all. More than this the majority of the complexes are made up of open refridgerators. This would imply that the food isn&#8217;t fresh at all. In fact the food is in a constant battle to stay edible. So what&#8217;s going on?

So many representations of the same thing in mass culture. It would seem that cannibalism is derived from freshness. When a woman gives birth to a child, as is the tradition the child is left to feed on the meat that is the placenta. This is the true definition of &#8220;fresh&#8221;. The real deal with woolworths is that you can buy the staff there because they are barely paid anything. Then you take them home and eat them. The freshest thing is human meat. It&#8217;s everywhere and always ready for consumption.