---
title: Mug
author: logician
layout: post
permalink: /definitions/mug/
aktt_notify_twitter:
  - yes
  - yes
idNumber:
  - 124
aktt_tweeted:
  - 1
robotsmeta:
  - index,follow
---
&#8220;Oi ya ugly mug git ova hear&#8221; <!--more-->is something you may hear if you&#8217;re a stereotype, or if you&#8217;re typing on two keyboards at the same time. It&#8217;s one of those sayings that&#8217;s Cockney or &#8220;Dickshy&#8221; as the word is known by in some parts. Little do the oral messengers of the deliverable know that most people with ugly mugs actually own ugly mugs. As in tea or coffee or other hot beverages. For some reason if you go into an extremely unfortunate looking individual&#8217;s house most of the mugs will be chipped, made to look like some form of animal or terrible pun or more likely have a saying on them like &#8220;Jesus Marge Dicks looking like balls!&#8221; Such witty aphorisms serve the owner once, maybe twice if they take lots of drugs but are more than likely without the continual merit and awe of a normal-looking person&#8217;s mug.

Normal people have mugs that are plain, maybe lightly coloured and are smoother than their mother&#8217;s thigh before they erupted from her womb in a fit of tears and ruin. Yes kids you ruined your mother&#8217;s physical state irreparably. Get over it. Then if you think about the link between mugs and *mugs*, one being in italic for separatist emphasis, all you have to remember is that mugs hold hot liquid. Burning hot liquid. If you take a person with looks that appeal to the opposite sex to the extent of semenel or vaginal secretions leaping over 50 metres to get near that person then pour hot coffee on their face odds are that these secretions will only be able to leap 10 metres. So if ugly people have ugly mugs it&#8217;s because they got burnt as younguns. They want to punish any liquid that they drink by having it served up in cups that reduce the liquid to the status of a &#8220;cuppa&#8221; or a &#8220;cup of joe&#8221; and of course all joes are ugly as fuck.