---
title: Loafers
author: logician
layout: post
permalink: /definitions/loafers/
aktt_notify_twitter:
  - yes
idNumber:
  - 146
aktt_tweeted:
  - 1
robotsmeta:
  - index,follow
---
Now and then it&#8217;s cold in the morning. <!--more-->You need on the one hand to be full of toast. By hand I mean literally; you want toast to be in your hand. In the other hand perhaps a coffee or some freshly cleaned shoe laces so you can tie them all into your shoes and your general demeanour. As a person who doesn&#8217;t really like mornings, one thing I&#8217;ve come to wear is &#8220;loafers&#8221;. This term is bandied around and generally people think it&#8217;s all about slippers. Well if loafers were slippers don&#8217;t you think they&#8217;d be referred to as such? They aren&#8217;t and I am. So what are the americans ON about when they all wear loafers? Well let&#8217;s slow things to a morning crawl and examine the posthumous subject.

There&#8217;s mike, walking to his front door. His feet are cold. This morning the bread and milk were delivered. Mike&#8217;s feet are also wet and soapy from the shower because he forgot towels exist. Mike bends down to pick up the bread and milk. Mike slips over, smashing his crotch on the wet cold floor. I don&#8217;t know quite how he fell this way&#8230; oh let&#8217;s say there were some spikes on the floor left over from last night&#8217;s rabbit javelin hunt. Yes he slips, is crying on the floor when he is suddenly perked by the smell of the bread lying innocently next to him. Well we all know the story from here. In go the feet into the still-warm dough. The thick yet soft crumble of the bread under his feet leads the obvious conclusion that this is the SHIT. This is the new slipper, this is the new everything about his morning. He can walk around the house comfortable in the fact that he can get ready to leave and eat his morning bread off his feet. Plus worse comes to worse if the bread is a little old he can put his feet in the toaster.