---
title: Baguette
author: logician
layout: post
permalink: /definitions/baguette/
aktt_notify_twitter:
  - yes
idNumber:
  - 70
aktt_tweeted:
  - 1
robotsmeta:
  - index,follow
---
Perhaps the largest bread<!--more-->, baguettes were introduced to France during the second World War back in &#8217;28. Naturally they caused a revolution and resulted in the country basing its entire existence and landmarks around the shape of the crust filled dough. From the eiffel tower to the rivers (if you look at them from a bird&#8217;s eye view), everything about France is baguette like.

Isn&#8217;t that just classic France though? They find something novel and make it as big as they can. The beret was originally just a misshapen mouse dropping that happened to smell pleasant for some reason. One day a drunk fresh man was munching on the rotting stomuch of a cow and found a small bit of &#8220;cheese&#8221; in there so proceeded to inflate it. This whole thing continues onto the baguette at a base level. Indeed there are reasons that the french chose to adopt the bread that go beyond simple juvenile, phallic fascination (believe it or not). Jaque Mon Frair was battling right near the wall of art and sophistication when he noticed a fat American eating a baguette near the wall. Jacque approached slowly with his bayonette that was naturally wearing a tiny beret. The American pig proceeded to battle the french soldier with the bread. He had a lot more sophistication with the weapon that originally seemed the case. Now as the baguette failed against the mighty moustached frenchman a great calm passed over the field.

Well you guessed it. All the sophistication, verbose hyperbole and artistic intent of the French is derived from a fat American experimenting with a new type of bread that took longer to eat. There was the same amount of bread but who can really eat a baguette quickly? It&#8217;s just so repulsive that you have to slice it. We all know what a sawn-off shotgun is, how about a sawn-off cockgun? Brutal.