---
title: Crabs
author: logician
layout: post
permalink: /definitions/crabs/
aktt_notify_twitter:
  - yes
requestPost:
  - Crotchcrabs
idNumber:
  - 87
aktt_tweeted:
  - 1
robotsmeta:
  - index,follow
---
The thing that strikes a person visually is <!--more-->the claw. The crab is on your face, just trying pitifully to pincer you into oblivion. If they have claws, why are they so pissy? Let&#8217;s follow pinchy on a day in the surf and play.

*Awake. I&#8217;m awake. Yes I think so. Can&#8217;t blink but I think it&#8217;s time to start moving. Moving and fucking en masse. There is a desperation in the air as with any day. Eventually the humans will come and rip us apart, sucking our innards. I&#8217;ve heard stories of men with big knives cutting off legs and just throwing us back into the sea like a rotting carcass. All we want is peace&#8230; Whoops ok here we go. That&#8217;s 1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9 times sex. Anymore women? No? Ok everyone has had sex and the eggs are hatching. If it wasn&#8217;t for those god damn hippies back in the 60&#8217;s we wouldn&#8217;t exist, living out each day in ultimate hell and fear of getting eaten.*

Wait hang on? Yes. Hippies. Remember the sixties? There he was. Hermit the crab. And you thought it&#8217;d be a good idea to cut his solid-no-pincer-slightly-larger-arm into **two** to match your &#8220;peace&#8221; sign. He used that arm for digging holes in the sand or dirt or for being bouncers at sea slug&#8217;s parties. But no you thought it was a good idea, that it was &#8220;nature&#8217;s plan&#8221;. Then you thought everything was free love and so you used as many muddy crabs as you could find during sexual foreplay. Well God saw that and was all &#8220;damn that&#8217;s fucked&#8221; so he made it an STI to have crabs up you or in you. Because God cares about humans the most the crab got fucked. Its  genetic code was locked so that

  1. Crabs are ACTUALLY painful if you put them up you (they used to be soft to touch and caress your parts with)
  2. Itchy and highly contagious.
  3. Have a split claw.

Lastly it gave humans a reason to fear and hate because to the non-high person the claw looks &#8220;dangerous&#8221;. The thing is when humans hate they eat. They scariest things in the world are the most delicious. You get to the end of the Silence of the Lambs and you want to eat of of Hannibal. I think that&#8217;s part of the story. What do people find the most delectable about crabs? The &#8216;claws&#8217;. What a succulent irony.