---
title: Roommate
author: logician
layout: post
permalink: /definitions/roommate/
aktt_notify_twitter:
  - yes
  - yes
idNumber:
  - 123
aktt_tweeted:
  - 1
robotsmeta:
  - index,follow
---
When we&#8217;re kids we dream when our parents fight that we&#8217;ll get out of the house. <!--more-->Leave to another house. Preferably one with sugar doors and fridges well stocked with pizza and chips. The cupboards will do our accounts and we&#8217;ll have 10-12 cats or dogs that all know how to take care of themselves and we will just throw away all of our clothing and new ones will arrive in packaging that is quite hard to open. When we get into the package it&#8217;ll be mostly bubble wrap. But it&#8217;s not all hosey-cosey that way is it fellow out-of-housers. For some reason social convention states that not only do we have to live out of home, we have to live in a room with at least one other person. Even if there are three rooms in a house and three people, one of those people won&#8217;t be able to move in and two of them will have to bunk together.

The thing about this arrangement is you get less personal space than at home. Want to come home and have sex with your girlfriend? Odds are your friend will be on the bottom bunk masturbating to your moaning. Want to watch the latest episode of &#8220;True Blood&#8221;? Sure you can but seeing as you&#8217;re sharing a computer and monitor you&#8217;ll have to use subtitles while your friend watches horse porn on the other half of the screen. Then make sure you&#8217;re prepared to give all your underwear to your roommate because he/she has to wear them at least once after or before you before they can be washed. Let&#8217;s just say if you&#8217;re rooming with a parrot you&#8217;ll end up with&#8230; bird shit on your ass. Not in winter! Birds are frozen in Winter. That&#8217;s something you can rely on. So the moral of the story is that if you HAVE to move out, remember to bring a few things:

  * Tape for dividing your computer monitor.
  * A replacement mouth in case you&#8217;re asleep and you get semen in there somehow.
  * Two or three pads in case you don&#8217;t have the time to clean up the mess from &#8220;shared period underwear&#8221;.

<small>* If you don&#8217;t believe it&#8217;s hard have a look here: <a href="http://www.miamiherald.com/2010/06/28/1704399/police-fla-man-beaten-for-eating.html">http://www.miamiherald.com/2010/06/28/1704399/police-fla-man-beaten-for-eating.html</a></small>