---
title: Bored
author: logician
layout: post
permalink: /definitions/bored/
aktt_notify_twitter:
  - yes
idNumber:
  - 136
aktt_tweeted:
  - 1
robotsmeta:
  - index,follow
---
Sitting at my chair and looking at my screen my eyes are constantly moving ever so slightly. <!--more-->I learnt that recently those tiny movements are responsible for us being able to look at things that are standing quite still like a wooden tree or a ship&#8217;s Tuesday. These &#8220;

<a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Saccade" target="_blank">saccades</a>&#8221; are really great because you never notice your eyes moving, it just happens. I believe the issue of boredom is fairly ridiculous. If you&#8217;re that retarded to actually proclaim boredom and you live in western civilisation then you truly are worthless. You&#8217;re telling me there&#8217;s &#8220;nothing to do&#8221; or you&#8217;re plain sick of it all.. I&#8217;m sitting here thinking well maybe we need to treat you like the eyes are, dominated into shaking about to keep everything interesting. I think that if you were forced to involuntary disco dance ALL the time for example then you wouldn&#8217;t get bored. You&#8217;d be too busy writhing about on the train, unable to get the BeeGees out of your head. Better yet let&#8217;s teach you a real lesson. Tie your legs together and leave you at the local starbucks, your body uncontrollably forcing down mochashittalatte after cappucciinoey nastyness.

This is the thing, when I talk to someone who is &#8220;bored&#8221; and I offer suggestions like the ones above they say things like &#8220;but wouldn&#8217;t that be pointless? I&#8217;m only bored because nothing is worth doing&#8221;. Well all you bitter 20 something narcissists without any life meaning, let me just suggest something. There are things you find fun. There are things you like to do. You don&#8217;t do them too often but they exist. Now step back and tell me how going bowling or to the cineeema or eating a whole block of cheese while stoned off your head (5 stars) is objectively more exciting than going out into the field, rubbing grass and dirt into your pants and then scrubbing the stains out? You might as well do just about anything to pass the time. Essentially I&#8217;m writing this to just ask you to shut up. If you&#8217;re truly that bored that you don&#8217;t even have any thing you like doing try this: Doof Doof Whacko. Go to the toilet, sit there, do your business and punch yourself in the face for every bowel movement. Then at least you&#8217;ll have a reward for being so full of shit.