---
title: Height
author: logician
layout: post
permalink: /definitions/height/
aktt_notify_twitter:
  - yes
idNumber:
  - 103
aktt_tweeted:
  - 1
robotsmeta:
  - index,follow
---
Back in primary school you were the tallest kid. <!--more-->The biggest person in your year level. Then little Xavier came along into your family. You stopped growing. All the other kids overtook you and it was a big waste of time because Richard ended up being your height anyway. Ah you complain to me and say in your annoying short voice &#8220;thomas, why is it that I ended up so short?&#8221; Fairly simple tim. Your brother stole your height. Here&#8217;s how it works. Let&#8217;s say we have six sperm. One of them is taller than all the others but not by a long way. The other five sperm are all roughly average height because really there&#8217;s no genetic advantage to being over 6 feet so they&#8217;re the &#8220;normal&#8221; ones. Now when your dad deposits his semen inside your mother&#8217;s receptacle the semen jostle for pole position as it were. Naturally the massive sperm knocks the others out of the way and almost causes the egg to explode upon entrance.

Somehow the now fertilised egg survives. Then it comes time for the birthing and you can&#8217;t get out of your mother&#8217;s heavily expanded receptacle. So the cezerosaur, a large dinosaur with conveniently sterile teeth rips into the womb angrily before carefully extracting the foetus. So then you grow a little older and get near your prime as a male which is apparently about 14-15. That&#8217;s the time when you&#8217;re literally spewing semen uncontrollably. One day you decide that you want to sneakily wank in the toilet when everyone else is home. That way there&#8217;s more of a thrill see? Yup so you&#8217;re wanking into the toilet and you&#8217;re about to reach for the toilet paper but you&#8217;re unprepared for the massive force that is uncontainable by any toilet paper means. The semen goes into the toilet unprotected.

Now going back to my first point: each dude has one tall sperm. This sperm can swim so hard that they can fly. So your father goes to the toilet and the sperm swims up the pee stream into its new home, your father&#8217;s wang. Your father then goes onto impregnate your mother with the dreaded thing and you LOSE the tall one. So you stop growing and you get a far superior sibling height wise. Stay back! The process for tall women is much cleaner. While your dad was playing with your mum&#8217;s nipples they controlled a sort of &#8220;russian roulette&#8221; whereby the right sequence gives you a tall woman. Easier and much less messy. Stick to women. Not recycled toilet bowl sperm.