---
title: Carvings
author: logician
layout: post
permalink: /definitions/carvings/
aktt_notify_twitter:
  - yes
  - yes
idNumber:
  - 128
aktt_tweeted:
  - 1
robotsmeta:
  - index,follow
---
On my first day of preschool I was told <!--more-->there were a few options I could utilise in my search for a relief from the boredom of home life. I could paint, play with the dolls or go outside and dig in the sandpit. Naturally I went outside and had a look. &#8220;Aww that&#8217;s brill-hey-ants!&#8221; Unaware of the semi-pun I was making at the time (there were ants around at the time) I was soon struck with a sense that the sand was the place for me. I loved trucks, being sandy and showing all the other people in the sandpit that I was the boss but burying myself much deeper than they ever could. One day, after realising I had soiled myself, I decided to dig as deep as I could into the sandpit. I only had the rudimentary tool of a semi broken plastic spade and combined with the determination of an embarrassed minor who has wholly dirtied themselves&#8230; I was driven.

So deeper into the earth I dug until I reached a hard rock. I created a small fire in there to dry my ass-juice wet clothing and set about deciphering the runes that lay before me on the rock&#8217;s face. It was only after reading the glyphs I came to realise that behind me were a fleet of tonka trucks, all lined up and revving their engines. Clearly I had alerted the authorities and as these trucks had noses they could smell me out. The glyphs prophecies continued to be correct as a labour dispute put the trucks into strike and I was able to dig around them in a rapid fashion but you certainly wouldn&#8217;t see me on a catwalk! After escaping back to the surface, dry pants and paranoia not withstanding I found that I suddenly had a face. Nose, mouth, eyes, forehead all together in a monstrous clause of ruinic submission. Where I had nothing before the event now I was forever marked, my features identifying me in a crowd as opposed to the blank faced adults of equal merit and standing. So does that make me a fascist? Face&#8212;ist&#8230;..