---
title: Indie
author: logician
layout: post
permalink: /definitions/indie/
aktt_notify_twitter:
  - yes
idNumber:
  - 108
aktt_tweeted:
  - 1
robotsmeta:
  - index,follow
---
<div>
  <p>
    This definition by definition isn&#8217;t indie. <!--more-->It can&#8217;t be. I&#8217;m not independent of others because I&#8217;m aware of my own independence. The only way I can be indie is to depend on others for the visual, social aesthetic that defines me as being entirely separate from my friends. I can go to an indie gig, see everyone wearing tight pants and plaid and decide that because we&#8217;re all independently the same I&#8217;m more independent because I&#8217;m at an indie gig. On stage a band plays a style of music that is completely their own because &#8220;indie music&#8221; differs from independent music. The band is part of a genre based loosely around rocky pop but also completely of their own unique genre. If you talk to the people at the front they say they&#8217;re only there because their friends wanted to go or they heard one song on triple JJJ. Asking around there are actually only about 5 real fans, the rest of the crowd are just friends.
  </p>
  
  <p>
    Outside I see a couple that have stood off to the side (albeit under a bright light). A girl and a boy, all dressed like me but of course completely making their own unique fashion statement. There&#8217;s a fringe that&#8217;s heaped to one side of their face similar to mine, some of their heads are shaved and the male has pants on that seem to bring back the age of the castrati. The girl gets out her iPhone which of course is completely unique; she makes it look so by having it wrapped in cling wrap. She can afford an iphone but no case, a case would make her mainstream. For her true independance and indie cred is gained through her indie social interactions that are watered down online so she her uniqueness and need to be counted is spread over the minds of as many other indie kids as possible.
  </p>
  
  <p>
    The male has a cassette player that he occasionally gets out and flashes to the rest of the world. Not that there&#8217;s any music he likes on there, it&#8217;s just that by having one he&#8217;s apparently more retro stylish than everyone else. He then gets out his small, black sling bag that he got from aussie disposals for $5 and retrieves his school library&#8217;s penguin classic version of &#8220;the art of war&#8221;, missing the irony completely. He rests the book between his somehow crossed legs and reads it upside down.
  </p>
</div>