---
title: Fish
author: logician
layout: post
permalink: /definitions/fish/
aktt_notify_twitter:
  - yes
  - yes
idNumber:
  - 131
aktt_tweeted:
  - 1
robotsmeta:
  - index,follow
---
On land there are people. <!--more-->The people quite often are stuck together in relationships, families and friendships. They do jobs, they do drugs and walk. Talking is close to walking but the face isn&#8217;t near the feet. Now under the water, of which we are all mostly made of anyway&#8230; are fish. Several of them, at least some! Fish don&#8217;t have relationships. They barely have sex. They don&#8217;t even blink. Some might say they are the opposite of a human. I&#8217;m not some. So I don&#8217;t say that which some do say as it&#8217;s like doing your tax. I just don&#8217;t qualify for a big enough refund into my stomuch of oppositicity.

So why are there fish if not for the reason of food for us? Swimming is painfully exhausting as most people who sit in chairs all day staring at screens will tell you. If fish had desk jobs under the sea it might be justified but they don&#8217;t! Just swimming around eating things and looking kind of odd before we logically tear them from their watery womb and extract their delicious white flesh, searing it in butter and garlic with a hint of shellfish grated over the top. So next time you&#8217;re near your ocean ask it this. &#8220;Why Ocean? Why are you bothering!&#8221; Because air bothers with humans for a very good reason.

We&#8217;re fucking sweet and we murder everything for sweet ass personal gain. Fish? Horseshit equilibrium. How about this: If I was a fish, I&#8217;d start a government! A government to eat oil and carry it to humans. You know why? Humans have money. Fish are disgusting poor little things with nothing to give except gills. Australia is about to get a Gill as a prime minister (or at the very least a descendant) so the rest of you slimy oily meat sacks can either try harder to make yourselves as easy to eat as chicken or fuck right the hell off.