---
title: Driving
author: logician
layout: post
permalink: /definitions/driving/
aktt_notify_twitter:
  - yes
idNumber:
  - 140
aktt_tweeted:
  - 1
robotsmeta:
  - index,follow
---
And so Moses told the roses; &#8220;it is as though your petals are but wheels in time, revolving, pushing my heart to the edges of bliss and sanity. &#8220;<!--more-->So it is with driving. Opening doors, changing gears and using windscreen wipers are all part of the process of life. The reason people love driving  is that it&#8217;s all the mundane things they do in normal life, sped up, with added risk and MORE control. Really the act of getting in the fastest machine you can and then telling it who the boss is amounts to what life must be about. Let&#8217;s take a few examples in detail and I&#8217;ll explain. Let&#8217;s assume you&#8217;re travelling somewhere by public transport. Here&#8217;s how that goes down:

  * I don&#8217;t know how long this will take.
  * I don&#8217;t know whether I&#8217;ll even get there on time, if I&#8217;m on a train I probably won&#8217;t.
  * The person taking me to the place I&#8217;m going is an idiot and bad at their job.
  * I have to share this experience physically close to other human beings. yeaauch.

See what I&#8217;m getting at? Inside a car, especially if on the way to work is really an optimal human environment. A car is like a small house, I&#8217;ve heard of people living and having dinner parties in cars. Driving a car to work is like getting out of one house and then getting into a smaller house. Next, let&#8217;s look at the physical make up of a car. Ever noticed how slamming a car door feels &#8220;fuller&#8221; and more &#8220;complete&#8221; than a normal door? The crushing shhhwooomph of a car door closing is literally the best door experience out there. What about *headlights* for fuck&#8217;s sake. You&#8217;ve got these really bright lights that have a BLINDING setting. You have the power to blind animals and plants at night. High beams. Doesn&#8217;t the name reek of power as well? Finally you&#8217;ve got the way an engine works. Large, repetitive controlled explosions. When people invented fire they went and made bigger fires to power more people. The control of fire has always been one of man&#8217;s imperitives. How about the London fires of 1640? Those were rough. Now we have millions of vehicales constantly exploding without any human life loss. Ultimate control.

Does anyone really think a car powered on air would be attractive for man? Not enough destruction.