---
title: Lentils
author: logician
layout: post
permalink: /definitions/lentils/
aktt_notify_twitter:
  - yes
idNumber:
  - 75
aktt_tweeted:
  - 1
requestPost:
  - Kieran
robotsmeta:
  - index,follow
---
Vegans take the lentil really seriously. <!--more-->It&#8221;s kind of the holy grail(n) of their existence. It makes sense. They&#8217;re made by cows who live happy lives in open farms, getting at least a few coffee breaks in a day and as much milk as they care to drink from each other. While the individual lentil isn&#8217;t much of a thing, when coupled with others they can make a difference in ways that transcend their purpose. Go get a bag of lentils from the cover. Peel off the outer layer of the bag (open it) and take out a single lentil. Now what I want you to do is hide it somewhere in the house. For the sake of this particular example, put it underneath your partner&#8217;s pillow. If you don&#8217;t have a partner&#8230; In fact you probably don&#8217;t have a partner. Put the lentil under your own pillow.

Now depending on its color, the legume will disappear anyway. You&#8217;ve slept and woken up and within this space of time somehow the thing has disappeared. So what remains is the question &#8220;why do lentils disappear?&#8221;. There have been a number of theories. a lot of people think that because the thing has such a small brain, it thinks that you&#8217;re playing hide and seek but then forgets halfway through the game, retreating to the bin where it has the life purpose of being rubbish. (as opposed to nothingness) More likely is that they&#8217;ve left the location you left them in because they want to go and eat to become meat. The awful truth, like a horse who was raised to love human women, is that they never can be meat.

They want to grow up big and strong like the animals that they are born from but they&#8217;re like the runt, attempting to fill you with carbohydrates but instead just filling you will terrible noxious gases as they realise, upon entering your stomach, that they are just a bit crap really. Humans aren&#8217;t supposed to consume them but we persist because they&#8217;re supposedly healthy. Tell me this all you environmentally conscious people. If there were less lentils going around on buses searching for meaning, leaving a huge carbon footprint, let alone the methane they cause the human body to expunge, wouldn&#8217;t we all eat meat?