---
title: Ass Crack
author: logician
layout: post
permalink: /definitions/ass-crack/
aktt_notify_twitter:
  - yes
idNumber:
  - 81
aktt_tweeted:
  - 1
robotsmeta:
  - index,follow
---
Popular theory holds the ass crack as representing the breasts. <!--more-->That, or it&#8217;s there it&#8217;s there to encourage exploration. To delve deeper into our own lives even if it means eating shit. The fact of the matter is that when you look at an ass you look for the crack. How deep or wide the crack is affects your perception of their personality. Broadly one could probably assume that the crack itself is there to defend against parasites and untoward rim jobs. I get that, I really do. But wouldn&#8217;t relieving yourself be easier if there was no crack to get all dirty? Moreover, if there has to be a crack, what exactly is it dividing about ourselves.

I guess it comes down to this. Universally women and men like crack. Presented appropriately it&#8217;s the one part of the body that can be roughly the same and still be attractive to both parties. The crack symbolises the division between the sexes. On one half you&#8217;ve got a woman. The other a male (probably more hairy). Ever noticed how you always have a favourite cheek?

It&#8217;s because you&#8217;re showing your taste for the opposite sex. Or the same sex. The problem is it&#8217;s not exactly a gaydar because the male/female division isn&#8217;t always the same. The one thing that&#8217;s always the same is that inbetween the cheeks that are so attractive is a dark shithole that nothing good ever erupts from. Consider that when you go chasing tail. It might seem fine for a while but eventually it all goes down the shitter.