---
title: Rain
author: logician
layout: post
permalink: /definitions/rain/
aktt_notify_twitter:
  - yes
idNumber:
  - 120
aktt_tweeted:
  - 1
robotsmeta:
  - index,follow
---
&#8220;Sucka you ain&#8217;t got no water&#8221; proclaims the television on a fortnightly basis. <!--more-->The government choose to announce our lack of rain as though it&#8217;s our failing that has caused the clouds to cease pouring rain over the top of us. Really the problem is that clouds really, really like people. A lot. Clouds are up in the sky and they like watching us like ants, going about our frilly, doily activities. It used to be that people hunted, killed and murdered, shooting bullets accidentally into the sky. Then the clouds would be injured and cry. You can&#8217;t blame them, clouds live for about 0.000000000000001 seconds before slightly changing shape and becoming a new cloud. So one gets hit with a bullet and this hit ricochets across the sky and the clouds weep at the anger and hatred of the human race. Melbourne is a fairly quiet town nowadays. All of our gangland nonsense is behind us. There is little violence or hate.

How to prove this lame-ass cloud theory? Tune into underbelly on sunday nights and just SEE if it doesn&#8217;t rain. It will. On top of this humans use vacuum cleaners, which suck up precipitation. What we&#8217;re doing by cleaning is killing babies. You&#8217;re all saying we should prohibit abortion, well what about the baby clouds stuck and suffocated in your dusty brown bags? No one thinks about them now do they? My last point is this: Look at the catchments. Inside the catchments are fish. Has no one considered that beneath the hyperbole and government initiatives maybe we&#8217;re being fooled because really&#8230; it&#8217;s the fish that are drinking all the water. They have been doing it slowly but now they want revenge. Revenge for making the clouds so pissed off. Pissing down with rain again is it? Go fishing!