---
title: Filthy
author: logician
layout: post
permalink: /definitions/filthy/
aktt_notify_twitter:
  - yes
idNumber:
  - 91
aktt_tweeted:
  - 1
robotsmeta:
  - index,follow
---
You&#8217;ve got shit all over you kid. <!--more-->Rolling around in the dirt outside isn&#8217;t the right way to spend an afternoon you disgusting, sick pig. Most people all over the world are filthy. They&#8217;re covered in muck and they&#8217;re always ready to get dirtier in order to put some excitement in their relationship. It makes sense. Originally humans were earth dwellers, only living in small communities and thriving off the earth. There were &#8220;dools&#8221; (dirt pools) instead of our over chlorinated, clear things that kill anything decent on our bodies.

We loved filth. Which leads me to the main point of the word. Why is western society obsessed with over-sanitation? Cleaning everything at the slightest hint of being smeared in forty tonnes of faecal matter. Go down to your garbage dump. Instead of people thronging in through the gates on boxing day, it&#8217;s a barren wasteland covered in waste. The utmost imperative for waste management is for us to get back in touch with the bacteria that covers the earth in a thin, delectable layer of dirt.

Oh jesus this guy never gives his reasons&#8230;. How happy are you? There&#8217;s my reason. Most of the population is pissed off, unhappy or depressed. Fair enough because we all have to worry about our emotions and relationships. The pyramid of needs is so freaking fulfilled that we get bored and look for something more&#8230; but then of course there is nothing more. Nothing more to achieve, nothing more to strive for. So we need to get filthy. If we were filthy and diseased we wouldn&#8217;t be able to stress about intellectual matters, we&#8217;d just be fighting for our lives, something which is much more exciting and worthwhile. So next time you go to have a shower just hang your self by your ankles and let you shower yourself in urine. Next time you go to a health spa, shit in the mud so the the mud spa is more personal. Next time you think that you should wash your hair pretend it&#8217;ll fall out if you do so you learn to hate being clean. If you&#8217;re one of those &#8220;clean&#8221; people then I strongly suggest you hang around a sewer. Let the stench envelop and leave a crust of irrevocable nastiness on your skin. Do it naked for the team.