---
title: Amongst
author: logician
layout: post
permalink: /definitions/amongst/
aktt_notify_twitter:
  - yes
idNumber:
  - 142
aktt_tweeted:
  - 1
robotsmeta:
  - index,follow
---
Out in the sun the monk sat, considering his thoughts about generic religious things. <!--more-->It was quite churchy around him. There were other monks, a whole bunch of crosses represented in various artistic means. In the graveyard across from his bald head there were a whole lot of grave stones with moss on them. None were new because apparently no one gets buried at these places anymore.

Sound familiar? If it does then you&#8217;re either a monk or one of those uniquely church related owls that hangs about at the top of the steeples because there is &#8230; Um other owls. (?)

If you&#8217;re the former then you&#8217;re part of the only collection of people that stay true to the word meaning of being &#8220;amongst&#8221; it. A monk is only a monk if there are other monks hopping about. The &#8220;st&#8221; on the end is a biblical reference.

Every other human on the planet wants to be amongst other people but we&#8217;re always held back by insecurity, fear and eventually retaliation that separates us from one another. Could it be that we&#8217;re seeking an empty religious collectiveness as opposed to just being the way we are? Being truly together requires a pursuit that collated everything we care about. Life is only fun if we&#8217;re different so don&#8217;t bother with people who you think you have to be around. Unless they&#8217;re monks. I hear if you&#8217;re a monk you van get to plane of the apes and THAT is an exclusive club.