---
title: Ghosts
author: logician
layout: post
permalink: /definitions/ghosts/
aktt_notify_twitter:
  - yes
idNumber:
  - 107
aktt_tweeted:
  - 1
robotsmeta:
  - index,follow
---
The public have ghosts all wrong. <!--more-->While most ghosts are already dead, some aren&#8217;t but do things like they are. Ever seen your little sister walk through walls as though they&#8217;re not there? What a little try-hard brat. Children are in a constant state of ghost imitation. To this end it must be said that all ghosts are children and vice versus the enemy of vice; vagina mice.

A prime example of this is the miracle of birth. If you were dead where would be the first place you&#8217;d go? Yeah you&#8217;d go check either your mother&#8217;s vagina or your father&#8217;s penis. You don&#8217;t want to go there while you&#8217;re alive because of potential psychological damage but when you&#8217;re dead your brain can&#8217;t develop any more so no worries! So you head there to see what the real beginning to your life was like. Now think about children. Children know more about their mum&#8217;s vagina than adults because time-wise they&#8217;re closer to being born than an older person. Therefore children are ghosts, having similar interests in that space.

Ghosts wouldn&#8217;t haunt buildings. Too boring. Ghosts would go into space. Fly about and look at shit that they couldn&#8217;t do normally without wearing a space suit of some kind. Here we find another similarity with children. If you send a child into space their heads are more squishy and therefore can expand much more in the vacuum of space, allowing the child to experience the pitch black nothingness in a similar way to ghosts.

Finally we have the case of the confused pre-adult, lost in a sea of hormones and violent outbursts against existence. Ghosts are constantly conflicted in a similar way. Because they can go through anything and into anything and resize themselves they have severe trouble dealing with sexual attraction. They fall in love with everything because they go through everything. That&#8217;s why they leave that goopy shit everywhere like in &#8220;casper&#8221;. Children snot and cum and crap everywhere in a very similar way. They&#8217;re frustrated with their existence so their everything empties onto the floor, completely losing all control. A formula for ghosts and children:

***C + G % 1.5 /ghosts or children + 12 o&#8217;clock***