---
title: Geology
author: logician
layout: post
permalink: /definitions/geology/
aktt_notify_twitter:
  - yes
aktt_tweeted:
  - 1
idNumber:
  - 99
robotsmeta:
  - index,follow
---
Studying the earth is just as important as being an astrologist. <!--more-->Astrologists have a role which is about the people. They report facts from the sky that are spelled out of the brightness of various stars. Geologists use telescopes as well. They just point them at the earth. That way they can see all the layers that are deep under the earth and when the next earthquake will happen.

They also attempt to predict tsunamis. This science is a lot more dangerous and a lot more wet. They go out to the ocean for days on surfboards and if they find a totally kickin&#8217; wave 400km from any form of civilisation then they catch it and warn the townsfolk with a megaphone while getting the ride of their lives. Instead of using sea salt on their meals, geologists use sand, carefully weighing and polishing each individual rock before placing it on their food. The food is sent to their stomuch where a special creature called a &#8220;floamp&#8221; is waiting to be fed.

The floamp eats sand because it requires high levels of irritability to get through its mundane life other wise it gets bored very easily and bites the geologist in the stomuch. There have been several occasions where the floamp has bitten some of my associates while they were in the field near the &#8220;erupt volcano&#8221; button and have slipped onto it causing mass damage and sometimes even lives lost.

While the average has an immense amount of power, most of the time they get beaten by very large pairs of scissors people underestimate the origami makers of Japan in their ability. These people only have to make a paper crane and put it near a rock and the rock will waste away, dying obviously and painfully. Paper beats rock, Rock beats Volcano, Volcano beats Uruguay.