---
title: Sand
author: logician
layout: post
permalink: /definitions/sand/
aktt_notify_twitter:
  - yes
idNumber:
  - 44
aktt_tweeted:
  - 1
robotsmeta:
  - index,follow
---
Hangovers. Headache? <!--more-->Absolutely terrible nausea? Head down to the local for some eggs. Eggs are great. Nutrition aplenty. Whoops! Started in the wrong place! It has been said that at some stage in the play god rested when he was making everything come into existence. If I was god I&#8217;d be wanting to get absolutely obliterated that day. Sure you&#8217;ve got work the next day but for now we&#8217;ll party. So living thing that existed at that time (plants and some animals) got hammered. And I mean EVERYTHING. Mass obliteration on a global scale.

Now at that stage there was no sea, everything was just land. And it was still hot from being created. So the next morning everything wakes up and rubs their temples, heading straight for the fridge&#8230; oh there&#8217;s no fridge. Oh well. How about we make EVERY BIRD ON THE PLANET LAY A DOZEN EGGS. Fucking awesome, now that&#8217;s a hangover cure if I ever saw one. Now we&#8217;ll just fry it on land.. add the oil of a million olives.

Mmmm that&#8217;s cooking up well. Now eat ALL OF THAT GOD. There&#8217;s a good god. Should we clean the land? There&#8217;s all these little fried crunchy bits of yellow, black and white lying about everywhere. Ugh. Nah. And thus god invented the ocean to cover the gross egg residue left over. He was hungover so he couldn&#8217;t get the sea to cover all of his mistakes. Beaches are the result of God fucking up. He called it sand so people wouldn&#8217;t realise. Messy but it ended up ok I reckon.