---
title: Doors
author: logician
layout: post
permalink: /definitions/doors/
aktt_notify_twitter:
  - yes
idNumber:
  - 92
aktt_tweeted:
  - 1
robotsmeta:
  - index,follow
---
Every time I decide to leave my pants out in the rain they get wet. <!--more-->Not just a bit wet but drenched. I&#8217;ve just taken them out of the washing machine and have put in the effort to hang it out but it doesn&#8217;t even matter. If there weren&#8217;t walls and a roof to get in my way I could have gotten to the pants in time to save them but there were forces at work keeping me inside my bed, asleep. The bastard of sleep is easily avoidable if you&#8217;ve got no roof. So why do we have houses when we can easily just get shelter under something made by someone else like a bus shelter or a library?

Well there&#8217;s a notable difference. Doors. We want a thingy that can open and close, block the outside from looking in and block anyone from watching us do sex and other sex stuff either alone or with two other people at the same time. We want to be able to float around in a closed off space because behind doors anyone could be defying gravity. I could be typing on this keyboard *because* it&#8217;s floating in thin air. No one would ever know because of the doors.

Naturally there is a more realistic reason that doors exist. That&#8217;s to escape the bloorb. The bloorb is a small furry creature that manages capitalism from his tiny little pouch. Any Marxists in da house? This furry thing will turn inside out and reveal a foul-smelling inner layer that burns out your eyes. So what does this political representative have to do with doors? Go into a house on your street. The one that&#8217;s dilapidated and failing on the whole. The paint is peeling and the carpet is wrecked but the roof is kind of secure&#8230; no wait there&#8217;s something just WRONG with this place. There are no doors. This is because the residents of the house decided to have an &#8220;open plan&#8221; house and leave the doors off the rooms. The bloorb heard about this and came down the hall way, splitting into a piece for each room and exploding, murdering everyone and leaving the place a shambles. We have doors because we have to. Both of the World Wars were started by bloorbs, don&#8217;t FUCK with them.