---
title: Keg
author: logician
layout: post
permalink: /definitions/keg/
aktt_notify_twitter:
  - yes
idNumber:
  - 165
aktt_tweeted:
  - 1
robotsmeta:
  - index,follow
---
In my formative years it was oft the tradition to crack open a keg after a long day at work. Just getting back from playing volleyball with the other six-year olds, it was a tradition. A large litre glass of frosty, heady ale really hit the spot and allowed my parents some well deserved copulation time as in my drunken stupor I was generally quietened significantly.

For breakfast I&#8217;d have Keg-grogs Special K, crunchy yeast flakes held together by Jagermeister and of course heaps of milk for my growing bones. Stumbling onto the train in the morning I&#8217;d always look for the dishevelled looking men that the average person thinks smells like booze and I&#8217;d use their aura to defend myself from scornful mothers smelling the strong liquor on my clothes and breath. Often I&#8217;d forget to shower and change my diaper.

<!--more-->Fast forwarding to today I&#8217;ve gotten over the initial trappings of alcoholism and moved straight onto drinking all the time. Alcoholics stop every now and again to realise they&#8217;re alcoholics. I&#8217;m just always drunk so I&#8217;m not an alcoholic at all. I get a six pack of kegs from the &#8216;local and move about the earth in a constant groggy haze. I&#8217;m starting to realise what I&#8217;ve become though and I&#8217;ve come up with a solution. Vomiting won&#8217;t be as bad if I&#8217;m in the shower!

The interesting thing about drinking endlessly is that it leads you to believe that size is relative. You look upon small things and see them as large yet completely seemly. A keg of booze no longer becomes enough. I have to wash with a keg of shampoo, eat out of a keg of steaks and if I accidentally get sober enough to be hungover I have to go ahead and eat a keg full of nap pillzzzzzzzzzzzzzz.