---
title: Fast Food
author: logician
layout: post
permalink: /definitions/fast-food/
aktt_notify_twitter:
  - yes
idNumber:
  - 162
aktt_tweeted:
  - 1
robotsmeta:
  - index,follow
---
Ah the late night cab. You can do whatever you want with a cab driver. People don&#8217;t realise that when you pay a slave you can get the slave to do whatever you please. Notice when you get in you have to give directions. You can direct them anywhere you please. <!--more-->Need some flowers? Need some petrol? Want to pour petrol all over the car? You can for a price! The taxi is yellow purely to remind you to vomit so obey. Rigorously. Why does the driver look at you silent and expectant? He&#8217;s expecting your expectorant in his mouth!

Take my advice and get yourself a taxi to a fast food joint. Get them to go through the drive through. When you get to the person with the grill for a mouth with which you order into crawl obviously onto the cabbie&#8217;s lap because the ordering person is glued to the concrete and tanbark next to the ordering pictures. If the cabbie protests just put some coins in its mouth. It works for vending machines! Now after you&#8217;ve pulled out of the grill mouth man make sure you behave and are sitting on your seat nice and proper.

Your throat is now clear and vomit free. Command the cabbie to drive up to the service window. Receive your hot bags of air from the chef and open them in the car. As the smell and general foodiness wafts through the car ask Gerald in the back seat if he&#8217;s interested in going around again. The cabbie might appear unsettled but as I said, a quick note or coin or chunder in his mouth will shut that disobedient mouth right up!

On the second run through tell the grill face man that they forgot the apple sauce. When the man protests grab the cabbie&#8217;s arm and use it to hit the grill man across the face. Then yell drunkenly &#8220;stop hitting yourself!&#8221; until the metal-clad soldier obeys. Turns out they don&#8217;t have fast enough apples so the take-away joint doesn&#8217;t sell the sauce.