---
title: Puffy
author: logician
layout: post
permalink: /definitions/puffy/
aktt_notify_twitter:
  - yes
idNumber:
  - 149
aktt_tweeted:
  - 1
robotsmeta:
  - index,follow
---
Incentive is the principle reason for reasoning. If there&#8217;s a reason for something to do that means we get fed in some way be it drugs, food or a conversation that probably doesn&#8217;t end without <!--more-->losing interest in either our surroundings or the latent disposition that we end up in then there isn&#8217;t more than one source of air for our lungs to be filled with. Breathing in and out at any particular speed isn&#8217;t really different to being robotic and forcing yourself to respirate without caring if there&#8217;s a brain to be charged in the resultant airflow.

So we come to being bigger or smaller. Being inflated or deflated. If someone has a sadness about them that&#8217;s faced with some kind of greater weight then we call them deflated. If a balloon is deflated then it&#8217;s sad. The thing is if something is bigger it doesn&#8217;t fit in certain spaces. What if we needed a balloon in a deep sea cave experiment? You can absolutely bet that it won&#8217;t be packed inflated. How would a hot air balloon be transported if it was inflated. If anything a deflated hot air balloon is joyous because it knows soon it will be used. You can liken this comparison to marshmallows. In the beginning they are puffy and squishy. Seemingly joyous they are actually only really good if you heat them to melting point and pop them in your mouth. Each person has a great time with this deflating action and the eventual result is that the deflated marshmallow is the true joy.

So what lesson is there to be learnt here? While it could be boiled down to &#8220;some things are different to other things&#8221; there&#8217;s likely a lot more going on. At the very least a person holding their breath will neither be happy when their lungs are fill or when they exhale heavily. It may be worse to hold it than release it but the released state is the worst unless it is quickly eaten up with a fresh bale of wind. I guess my point is if you think you have to relate your emotions to the environment you and your stupid body sits in then all you&#8217;ll discover is you really like eating. Like pretty much everyone else.