---
title: Binary
author: logician
layout: post
permalink: /definitions/binary/
aktt_notify_twitter:
  - yes
idNumber:
  - 164
aktt_tweeted:
  - 1
robotsmeta:
  - index,follow
---
There are two halfs to the hot and relevant debate about binary. On the one hand it seems acceptable to stand up on a podium and deliver a speech as the president written purely in binary. If the audience hears things in 1s and 0s then inevitably there is no room for human error. Pure logic can only be delivered in a binary form. Then there&#8217;s the binary form itself!<!--more-->

Back when there were pyramids all over the earth there was a queen &#8220;Nostabuloise&#8221;. While she was getting sexed in her sex hole she decided to write down the man&#8217;s penis on a piece of <span style="font-family: Papyrus;">papyrus</span> each time he thrusted. Eventually she had about 32 sticks on her large sheet. Then she decided to go on top and found her own piece of sexual mechanism to be dominant. Thusly she drew about 32 holes next to the sticks she had just drawn. The sex from here got into a bit of a blur and both of them tore the piece into 64 pieces that flew through the air in a fit of abstract passion. After the royal copulation had finished Nostabuloise noted that all of the pieces had landed in the same pile of lube over in the corner. She deduced that the acts of love and passion were the group of human activity that represented the most logical, straight forward set of rules anything could be judged by. From this the binary language was born.

Now we are fast forwarded to the 18900&#8217;s where the King of Mesopotamia is writing a letter to his mistress in the common binary tongue. By this I mean he dips his tongue inside the jar of ink and draws large sticks and circles on the page. Before computers became the most romantic thing we&#8217;ve come up with the natural way to sign a love letter used to be the equation below.

**((1 | 0) * (1 | 0)) = (> | <) (1 | 0)**



**1 = male genitalia**  
**0 = female genitalia **  
**| = or symbol for all maths noobs**

This advanced the thinking of all binary mathematicians. It shows that if you multiply one sex with the other you either get more or less than either a male or a female. So you either get no babies from binary or you end up with a spawn. Shame though, most kids grow up never knowing the true nature of love and they faff around with words that only half mean anything coupled with actions that distract us from our basic, logical selves.