---
title: Children
author: logician
layout: post
permalink: /definitions/children/
aktt_notify_twitter:
  - yes
idNumber:
  - 157
aktt_tweeted:
  - 1
robotsmeta:
  - index,follow
---
When I had my first child I had to think very carefully about everything I did in its presence. I worried that the kid would grow up like me and make all of the same mistakes generic text from a Christian childhood propaganda novel for teenage newly weds. In time I grew angry that I&#8217;d lost control of who I was. I was dedicated to this spawn of my loins. Thoughts like &#8220;I wish you remained inside that damaged, forty cent condom. The one that I drunkenly aimed at the bin after ejaculating into but missed because I was drunk.&#8221; mingled with &#8220;There aren&#8217;t words for the utterly *different* thing that is now hanging off my arm like a stoned affectionate cat.&#8221;

I resorted to the bottle. I would make bottles in the basement out of different thicknesses of cardboard until I&#8217;d have one that would hold enough booze. Then I&#8217;d make booze from the tears that would leak from my face every time I saw the short, mess leaving wastes of air effectively eating all of my money by existing.

There&#8217;s only one reason parents don&#8217;t off the little brats that end up superseding them in both life and death. It comes down to the push to have both a female and a small little &#8216;man&#8217;. Once you&#8217;ve had them both most people stop. This is because that way each parent gets one human to project their horse shit onto. Overall, children lead to a security and disgusting confidence that lets us play out some or all of the following:

  * Telling someone how they should be in *all *matters of life.
  * *Lying,* fucking with others on a deep, psychological level.
  * Re-enacting your own personal failings vicariously towards a plausible, fulfilling victory.
  * Being treated like a God at least for a bit by dressing up the children in white and making them get all of their friends into the cult.
  * Having an excuse not to do anything.
  * Always being able to talk about *something*. (boring people always have kids)
  * Staying in a relationship.

&nbsp;

Win win! I guess the only real problem with this boy girl pair is inevitably they have sex and you&#8217;re stuck with incest all over your personal prison record. How will your now-illegally married 12-year-old children survive if you&#8217;re stuck in the judicial system for years? They won&#8217;t.