---
title: Teeth
author: logician
layout: post
permalink: /definitions/teeth/
aktt_notify_twitter:
  - yes
idNumber:
  - 151
aktt_tweeted:
  - 1
robotsmeta:
  - index,follow
---
Despite mainly speaking with the tongue and the edges of the mouth, we need our chompers. <!--more--> There are many reasons why. Most obviously you need them to eat words. Ever noticed how people will begin to move their mouth towards the end of your sentence, almost as if they predict how it&#8217;s going to play out? They are eating the actuality of your reasoning. Paying attention to people requires you to have teeth. We&#8217;ve all noticed how the elderly toothless people can&#8217;t hear very well. It&#8217;s not a coincidence.

Of course you also need teeth to count. When we&#8217;re children the concept of a number can only be taught through the pain of cutting teeth. As if you all don&#8217;t remember that night where your white pearls tore through your innocent mouth flesh. You felt them with your tiny hands and counted slowly&#8230; 1. 2.3.4.5.6 and so on until you&#8217;d learnt the numberbet. After that some teeth stay in their place and some move, therein teaching of the fragility of life, its tempestuous misgivings and the real way to colloquially greet more than one person in your parish.

Finally and obviously there is one more way teeth come into their own. This is in the navigation of food. One may not realise it, but more than two are using asynchronously to divide up the duty of moving food around your mouth. Not chewing. This vulgar and insufficient term presupposes that the way we deal with food is dependant on a word that sounds like it hasn&#8217;t the time nor patience for its family at Christmas. Christmas is meant to be jolly so don&#8217;t use the word. K? Clear!

Teeth are good because they SHIP FOOD around your mouth extremely rapidly. Remember when you bought that tiny thong the other day from ebay and it still isn&#8217;t here and your butt crack just needs a real good hard day long flossing? Well what if those underwear could appear instantly on your body, instantly back at the warehouse and then instantly back on your body in the space of under a second. The overwhelming experience of surprise mail would be magnified exponentially.

So we love eating because our teeth move food faster than a federally tax funded briefcase of cash to a stripper with tits the size of your incisors. In case you think those are small, you&#8217;re a giant and your head is bigger than a whale.