---
title: Runway
author: logician
layout: post
permalink: /definitions/runway/
aktt_notify_twitter:
  - yes
idNumber:
  - 168
requestPost:
  - Anand
aktt_tweeted:
  - 1
robotsmeta:
  - index,follow
---
In the morning you have an extremely active brain. Scientists posit the brain knows the most between 8 and 9 am. This is why most businesses insist on a start time of 9am. You forget more and more as the day progresses until you get to the end of your tether, go home and recharge. This is why it&#8217;s best to avoid breakfast. Breakfast informs your system that it&#8217;s later than it actually is.

After all the trains have left the nearest station you&#8217;ve only got two things you can do to get home. One is attach wheels to your feet and push yourself home along the tracks and the other is run straight down the middle of the railway all the way home. Seeing as trains are unreliable and sometimes come later than 1:30am you never know when the best time to begin your journey will be. If you&#8217;re too scared of being run over you&#8217;ll never leave and just end up shivering, without sleep, salivating and relieving yourself all over Melbourne Central station.

The overall question is one of blending the advantages of sleep with getting home the night before. We know you can&#8217;t get home without rigorous, brain dead activity so there needs to be another way. Planes. The airplane knows where it&#8217;s at. There is nothing in the world that so effortlessly traverses space. They don&#8217;t even flap to take off! This is how you can get home, get sleep, avoid trains and still have time to avoid breakfast.

  1. Hold your arms out rigid in opposite directions.
  2. Give your legs room to run in a way that isnt in the way of your arms.
  3. Run in the way away from work.
  4. Leave the way to run, the runway, drawn in urine all over the railway behind you so others can find their way in the cold light of morning.
  5. The railway is the runway and the right way at the same time.