---
title: Weights
author: logician
layout: post
permalink: /definitions/weights/
aktt_notify_twitter:
  - yes
idNumber:
  - 163
aktt_tweeted:
  - 1
robotsmeta:
  - index,follow
---
In the back shed of most mainly male houses you&#8217;ll find at least a couple of dumbells. They are named so because of their inability to ring churchgoers to the steeple. They forgot how to ring when some idiotic chimp ripped out their ringer so they decided to get a worse job.

So instead of the grandeur of the chapel the dumbells are left by 90% of people in the pile of things you think you&#8217;ll do but never get around to. Over in the corner next to all of the $100 guitars, half completed circuitry kits and far expired coupons for $3 off your next small milkshake at the cinema(dependant on you buying 6 large popcorns)<!--more-->

The interesting thing about weights is that if they are around you automatically feel stronger. You feel that through their solid, complete presence that you are a solid rock of an individual, able to conquer much more than just the laundry. This is why all of the great sexual conquistadors of our time have large weights above their beds with angry faces painted on them. To maintain an erection, a man must think only of the cold, heavy metal of the lifty-weights-metal-stuff.

So there is a link between waiting and weighting that surpasses the semantic. The first advanced humans had a practice where they would enable themselves to build things by staring at the ground. They&#8217;d stand with absolutely nothing left to do or smoke and stare at the ground. Upon realising new things were interesting they&#8217;d move the ground from one place to another. Eventually by fluke they built a house which enabled them to store all of the other moved dirt inside. This just proves that if you wait for long enough in an environment with lots of heavy things you&#8217;ll eventually get bored and start lifting them and unless you plan on being religious you won&#8217;t be allowed the job of church bell so you&#8217;ll be relegated to the corner with all of the other useless dumbells. Maybe THAT&#8217;S why we need the rapture after all!