---
title: Gutter
author: logician
layout: post
permalink: /definitions/gutter/
aktt_notify_twitter:
  - yes
aktt_tweeted:
  - 1
idNumber:
  - 173
robotsmeta:
  - index,follow
phonetic: Jutther
---
Castles were where rich people used to live. They&#8217;d wear tall hats, smoke long pipes, long dresses and pointy shoes. It used to be that if you combined all the pointy things the medieval people had you could create a ditch around the castles. This was called a moat, short for &#8220;my boat pathway&#8221;. Eventually moats became impractical. So did pointy things. So both disappeared. I don&#8217;t mean in the sense that they ceased to exist, I mean that they vanished from sight. Moats were so sad that no one could take care of them anymore that they went underground to form our sewer system. All the pointy things were so ashamed that they formed the popular underground violent sex toy industry.

So while underground the remains of medieval glory remain, somehow a bastion of the moat remains above ground in the sunlight. The sewer moats drink from this miniature river known to moast as a &#8216;gutter&#8217;. When the first house to have one installed was built it was instantly attractive to passersby. &#8220;My! How will we get from the road to that person&#8217;s front door!&#8221; There must be a way around.. perhaps a tiny bridge??&#8221;

Of course soon the gutter became its namesake. People would swear at it because it was always in the way of their jaywalking. They would sputter sandwich crumbs all over it because they felt dizzy from looking at the difference in height between the road and the pavement. The illustrious gutter, like the moat before it.. became like the vomit of its patrons; rejected.

The last resting place of the moat is the roof guttering. Notice the power of the &#8220;ring&#8221; on the end there. &#8220;Do you have something to collect water from your roof&#8221; &#8220;Oh yes I&#8217;ve had *guttering* installed.&#8221; Let me better illustrate why the word is bettter with the &#8220;ring&#8221; on the end.

**Gutter:**

  * Splutter
  * Mutter
  * Butter
  * Dutter
  * Nutter
  * Rutter

Now compare this disgusting creature with its lofty, airborne superior:

**Guttering:**

  * Battering
  * Plundering
  * Smouldering
  * Obliterating
  * Eviscerating

Guttering is power. Guttering is in the sky. So what&#8217;s in store for the moat of tomorrow? When will house guttering become passée? When we have proper roof water transports. Devices that retrieve water from our roofs and force it down our dehydrated, drunk gullets.