---
title: Escape
author: logician
layout: post
permalink: /definitions/escape/
aktt_notify_twitter:
  - yes
idNumber:
  - 154
aktt_tweeted:
  - 1
robotsmeta:
  - index,follow
---
The nature of escapism is nature. Energy and things are constantly running away from each other in order to get into a better thing. <!--more-->If there&#8217;s not enough room for something an energy will escape just as quickly as it came. One can assume from this that energy doesn&#8217;t learn anything. It doesn&#8217;t learn that one thing is better than another, it doesn&#8217;t learn that it doesn&#8217;t shrink or enlarge or keep up with the latest fab winter catalogue in Vogue. We can relate this to humans! Homans don&#8217;t grow, we don&#8217;t learn and we&#8217;ll continually go from one thing to another until one thing traps us, we get too antsy and explode into death.

To boil down what I&#8217;m saying into a heavy broth the only reason we die so sad, fragile, unhappy and alone is because we attempt to stop the escaping. Social escape, self-censorship, not jacking off because we think there has to be a god, repressing things because we feel we&#8217;ll seem nicer. All of it adds up. &#8220;Well&#8230; but how are we supposed to live our lives ? People will think we&#8217;re retarded if we can&#8217;t comply&#8221; It&#8217;s simple. Walk around with your hands swinging forward and your mouth **wide **open. Every three or four steps wink at the world to let them know you&#8217;re intelligent. You have to look like you&#8217;re conscious enough to make a decision but when it comes to you absolutely refute that there&#8217;s any option except opening your eyes wide, your mouth wider and running **at** the decision. Headfirst. This way the energy is always passed on.

*&#8220;What do you think of whaling?&#8221;*

&#8220;nnnnnnngggggggggggg \*run towards question asker and knock them over and perhaps spill drool on them by mistake.\*

*&#8220;When will you just kiss me?&#8221;*

&#8220;nggggggggggggg&#8221;

*&#8220;In that room is your son who you have never met. Talking to him could change your life for better or worse. You need to decide if his love is something you need&#8221;*

&#8220;nggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggg&#8221;

And so on. Crucially each decision is met with the same veracity as the speed of eating you have been keeping up. If you&#8217;ve been stocking on the carbs run hard. Blow raspberries. Yell! Make sure all the energy of this heavy food is utilised in the utter decision explosion that will in all likelihood happen many, many times a day.