---
title: Avoid
author: logician
layout: post
permalink: /definitions/avoid/
aktt_notify_twitter:
  - yes
idNumber:
  - 170
aktt_tweeted:
  - 1
robotsmeta:
  - index,follow
---
Avoiding any given situation is impossible. In order to do anything we either have to choose to do it or have it forced in us. In other words not only is avoiding things difficult, it&#8217;s also impossible to avoid avoiding. If someone threw a brick in your face you&#8217;d have little choice but to avoid the path of its course.

So back to semantics. If you have a void, a massive chasm of questionable depth, you only have a few options as to how to deal with it. One is to back away and go somewhere else. You could throw a rope across and hope someone or something will catch it but it seems to me you&#8217;d waste a lot of time in this action. Last you could get some cliff skies and ski down the cliff face in the fruitless hope that you might have the momentum to get back up the other side.

As well as this very weak set of metaphors it&#8217;s important to remember the other sense of a void; crucially that it is empty. In life you tend to avoid nothingness in the realisation that nothingness brings you nothing and as humans we have to relentlessly consume until the end of the paragraph.

Ah! But what about downtime? We all need some downtime, some nothingness. This would imply that avoiding is actually not a negative thing. We can recharge until we&#8217;re happy again. So it&#8217;s the balance of avoiding and avoiding. Avoiding in the sense that you take heed of the chasm and go back and avoiding in the sense that you avoid not avoiding and end up happier that you plunged into a black of nothingness.

On average the two meanings for the same word combine and entangle in self-awareness of the fact that either has any interest in not existing. Words love existing. They love being used so for most of them the notion that they might have a restricted meaning or indeed one of negative leaning has to eventually even out into complete neutrality.