---
title: Balance
author: logician
layout: post
permalink: /definitions/balance/
aktt_notify_twitter:
  - yes
idNumber:
  - 169
aktt_tweeted:
  - 1
robotsmeta:
  - index,follow
phonetic: Eustacian turmoil
---
Getting from A to B requires some form of balance. If you&#8217;re bound to a chair the chair still needs to have an even weight distribution in order to stay upright. This is the rule of gravity obtained by Newston. He stood on one side of a tree and tugged ferociously at the branches. The tree fought back to keep balance, shifting all of its weight against the tug. Eventually Newston was absorbed into the tree&#8217;s trunk in order to maintain this physical law. It was here that he found the time to rant aimlessly about the way everything works. No one else would have bothered. As an added bonus every winter a squirrel would climb up his face so he&#8217;d get sustainence from that and the many apples that were dropped on his unfortunately exposed genitalia.

Fast forward two hundred and fifty years to present day and being in balance has turned into a science. We have to deal with our left and right, our chai and our chi, our wring and wrong. The majority of people have given up their day jobs to pursue a life on the edge of being upright. Most of the copulation now occurs lying down which requires all the sense of balance of a giraffe with vertigo. Like most things that people continually rabbit on about, it has deceptively long ears. Note that there is only once sense that&#8217;s used in balance. Legs. You don&#8217;t need sight or hearing to know what is the right way up and what can&#8217;t stand up. You&#8217;ll constantly see people on the ground with their legs in the air trying to ascertain balance. Legs are like the human antennae, which also explains why insects who have both legs and antennae can walk proportionally much faster than the average human.

&#8220;Surely we would have evolved better&#8221; I hear you Blarwinists blah-ing. Realistically we don&#8217;t need balance. I forget about my legs all the time when I&#8217;m working at my computer. All the smart people in the world do most of their most intellectual work while seated. It&#8217;s really simple. We decided about a decade ago that our sense of balance is less important than our ability to do shit while seated. That&#8217;s why all the rest of our lives lost balance. We used to be slender, run about and not give a shit about being sad. Now we are fat, sit down relentlessly and worry when our tea gets cold cos the microwave is in the other room.