---
title: The Sun
author: logician
layout: post
permalink: /definitions/the-sun/
aktt_notify_twitter:
  - yes
idNumber:
  - 183
aktt_tweeted:
  - 1
robotsmeta:
  - index,follow
---
The clouds and the entire hypothesis of precipitation are based around the logic that the sun sends tiny Rays across space (which is a vacuum cleaner) and these &#8216;rays&#8217; absorb all of the moisture in the earth&#8217;s atmosphere and hold them captive for a bit before releasing them as rain. This process can take place because the earth&#8217;s vacuum (or gravity if you like science) is equal to 9.81 m/s^2. The vacuum of space is only equal to about 2 m/s^2. This is of course only about as strong as the vacuum cleaner at your holiday house, the one that everyone complains about but never replaces. The earth&#8217;s vacuum is like a top-end dyson vacuum cleaner, able to suck in rain from even the most problematic dirt on your carpet.

So the question is.. where does the sun get all the Rays from! On earth there&#8217;s probably only about 30 million Rays. Something like that. Yet somehow the sun has bazillions of them, once for each droplet of rain. Then I got to thinking maybe I&#8217;m just spelling it wrong. The sun&#8217;s Rays are Raise. They are all a raise! If you spell it like that then the connotations completely change. Each time the sun hits your face it makes the moisture raise off your face and captures it for later rain. Makes sense to me!

Now while letting all these raise onto your face might seem okay, what about sunburn? If I go outside right now and look at the sun for 4-5 hours then not only will I get horribly burnt, I&#8217;ll forget that I have eyes (go blind).  If there is no water on your skin then the raise of the sun want to burrow further looking for water. Like lettuce, humans are 99.8% water. Skin is 100% skin though! No water in there, just beneath. Think of it like drilling for oil. The land burns and fires erupt into hell when that happens. It only makes sense that the raise want to prospect, drilling past your stupid skin and into the watery depths below.

As for looking at the sun&#8230; it&#8217;s only bad because the sun is shy. Imagine if you had people erupting out of you all the time! You surely wouldn&#8217;t want a lowly water bag looking at you and laughing!

&nbsp;