---
title: Looking
author: logician
layout: post
permalink: /definitions/looking/
aktt_notify_twitter:
  - yes
idNumber:
  - 166
aktt_tweeted:
  - 1
robotsmeta:
  - index,follow
---
Stand up from your seat or in the unlikely scenario that you&#8217;re standing up or using your mobilur telephone, sit down. Now walk in a direction 180 degrees to the one you&#8217;re facing. Now if you&#8217;re faced against a wall get a sharp blunt knife and scrape some paint off the wall. If you find yourself standing up against something that isn&#8217;t a wall, pick that up. Depending on what it is you now hold in your hand just try and LOOK at it. Every surface. Rub it against your arm and face for about three minutes. If it seems to not be poisonous lick it to truly know it as a thing you are concentrated on.

Look at it again. This time say the thing&#8217;s name out aloud until someone comes looking for your mental stability. Say the name louder, yell! If it&#8217;s hot, remove your top. Sweating from all the yelling at the object, go and find some ice. Rub the ice all over the object. Now look at it again. Seems like the object is ice cold doesn&#8217;t it? It isn&#8217;t. The truth about objects is that if you actually ever bothered to have a really good gander you&#8217;d find that *everything* is hotter inside than outside. You&#8217;d find that cutting open the wall shaving would reveal a hot core, similar to picking up a hot coal or lighting your shoes on fire over the stove.

So if everything has a hot core, where does cold come from? Why is there air that isn&#8217;t hot ALL the time! Surely inside all of the atoms must be this blistering core as well. You&#8217;d be surprised to find that things you can&#8217;t look at are cold. This means there is a direct link between seeing things and being hot. This is why night is so cold. You can&#8217;t see night. The purists will tell you that you can&#8217;t see day either but that&#8217;s not true. Day is blue and hot. Night is cold and not. Not seeing.

There is a final point here. Why aren&#8217;t I hot, nay, exploding given I&#8217;m sitting on things that are molten inside? It&#8217;s because I cannot see the core of all these objects that my ass does not explode. The perception of things you cannot see can only be darkness, which is the night and the eternal cold.