---
title: Ovens
author: logician
layout: post
permalink: /definitions/ovens/
aktt_notify_twitter:
  - yes
idNumber:
  - 182
aktt_tweeted:
  - 1
robotsmeta:
  - index,follow
---
Anything born of heat and flame has root in pure idiocy. A young smith from nowhere near where you live was sitting and knitting. The smiths were known for boring tasks that made them seem inconsequential to their surrounds. The original smith was John and he was not a warrior. Not initially. Think more arts and crafts.

Out of the hay John was knitting with a flame spontaneously combusted and blasted his facial hair to dust. Luckily he was far too inept to shave so this was not a shock. In fact, a normal day began with a visit to the town fire where he would cover his eyes with his hands and lower his chin into the coals to roast off the hair before working in the testicular hammer testing clinic. So his careful knitting wasted away. Not to waste the opportunity entirely John got his gloves and clapped them over the flame to try and quell the disaster that was this waste of time.

The gloves, like all of his possessions, were also made of hay and set alight. John set to work all over again after collecting some more hay from Dr. Horse. After repeating this exploding hay idiocy and ruining 280 degrees of gloves the pile of smouldering ashes by his feet was large enough to cover the conveniently placed sleeping poultry. Birds have no sense of heat so it slept to its death coated in the coals. The next day John tripped over himself while in the middle of trying to open his eyes wide to feel more powerful and awake. His face happened to fall into the pile of glove bird ash and when he stood up there was chicken in his mouth. And what a flavour! It was something entirely new. So the Glowing cooking bird pile pile, or &#8220;oven&#8221; for short was born. John died stupider than he was born.