---
title: Spoons
author: logician
layout: post
permalink: /definitions/spoons/
aktt_notify_twitter:
  - yes
idNumber:
  - 174
aktt_tweeted:
  - 1
robotsmeta:
  - index,follow
---
I&#8217;ve covered cutlery before. Well I&#8217;ve covered straight forward cutlery. A knife is a knife. A fork is a fork. You pick both up carefully, two in each hand. It&#8217;s all down the line and sortable into different mental drawers. I&#8217;ve wanted to discuss spoons for sometime but have been put off. A spoon is always a different size. If you blindfold yourself and spin around and around in circles 6-7 times I&#8217;d like to see you find one in the kitchen. Why can&#8217;t you? Because they defy definition. Metallic, sometimes bendy, sometimes shiny, always lying with their reflections, these things are words that can be used to easily define what a spoon is.

Then there are the sizes. The size of a spoon tends to be proportionate in one direction to its namesake at a rough ratio of 1 to 1000. So a tea spoon is five times *smaller* than a tea if it is melted down. A tablespoon goes in the opposite direction and is 1000 times larger than a table. If you try and eat a table with a table spoon you&#8217;ll have a lot of trouble. You can definitely eat a tea with a teaspoon. But what about if you&#8217;re eating tea on top of a table? Which spoon is more appropriate? The solution is to spill the milk on the floor and be forced to drink your tea by sipping raw tea and licking or sucking the carpet. Some things in life have no answer.

Dessert spoons are weirder still. A dessert is not a definable thing either. What is a &#8220;steak spoon&#8221;? Odds are you&#8217;d eat a steak with a dessert spoon and no one would have any qualms with your ridiculous naming of the object. Soup spoons are always worse than dessert spoons. Several times I&#8217;ve found myself needing to go and wash because I smell so much. Why? Because I&#8217;ve been standing in the kitchen trying to ascertain which edge to put my mouth around on the soup spoon&#8217;s edgey thing for over **eight hours.**