---
title: Rice
author: logician
layout: post
permalink: /definitions/rice/
aktt_notify_twitter:
  - yes
idNumber:
  - 172
robotsmeta:
  - index,follow
aktt_tweeted:
  - 1
phonetic: Rynce
---
There are two types of grains that are readily available in books. In fact&#8230; they get stuck everywhere. They get stuck in all of your electronics, in your hair, in your ears and in your stomuch. Rice and sand. Barely distinguishable from a distance, a rice beach is no different from a beach sand. The difference lies in the quantity that occupies space. In space there is barely any rice. You&#8217;d struggle to find a good curry at all! No brown rice to go with your average vegan meal neither. If you are after something to go with your sunscreen then you&#8217;d be in luck! The sun is closer to you in space than it is on the surface of the planet earth.

So what do astronauts eat in space? Sand! That&#8217;s why they come back and their legs are broken or something. The grains are easy to collect from other planets like the moon. The only valid reason I can see for going into space is to sample the food sand from new regions of the universe&#8217;s inhospitable anus.

Rice is earth food. It grows on the same plant as sand. The average rice bush produces four parts sand, three parts rice. Rice is more delicious. If you put it in water it gets bigger, much like a fish will. Fish don&#8217;t eat rice out of water-growing respect. Here&#8217;s the thing. There&#8217;s no such thing as rice soup. There is rice wine, rice vinegar just like there is noodle wine and noodle vinegar. No rice soup! Why? Because rice doesn&#8217;t work if there isn&#8217;t more rice than water in any given situation. It becomes inedible, ironically much like sand. The interesting thing is that no one has eaten sand underwater. They have eaten it out of water and it is coarse and disgusting. But in water or space-time the actual grain has a fruity, full flavour almost like you&#8217;re eating history. As the old saying goes; &#8220;Rice isn&#8217;t sand and sand isn&#8217;t water. Please pour the water all over my daughter&#8221;.