---
title: The ATM
author: logician
layout: post
permalink: /definitions/the-atm/
aktt_notify_twitter:
  - yes
idNumber:
  - 152
aktt_tweeted:
  - 1
robotsmeta:
  - index,follow
---
Near my local piss salesman there&#8217;s a grimy little ATM<!--more--> that&#8217;s used by customers from a bank that should have been forgotten in the fake confusion of the recession. Receding into the wall and unable to be simply controlled by a single swipe of a card, it looks just as insecure as your mother&#8217;s crotch when I come a-knocking. Despite this the seemingly unconventional money extractor always has a line of about three people that trails onto the street, unable to be restrained by the concept of the average queue. The rules don&#8217;t seem to apply here.

My issue with this device is not specifically related to its security but more the voracity which its flippant tenants apply to their approach. I had previously ascertained that the most appropriate method of approach to an ATM was to step about 2 metres back from the individual perusing the barely working keys. This allows both for security and a clearance for a person to get through. With this ATM there was just a big throng of insufferable wanking joes staring idly at the screen and pad as each of them took their turn to use their manhood to type in their pin and extract it with their ass cheeks. Nearby a crowd of not so well-off men burnt the money which they had freshly extracted. Up the nearby tree a large bird was deciding whether to eat the home loan documents it had taken from the ATM&#8217;s chimney, consistently pumping out the smoke of trade and mire.

This scene may be reminiscent of something you have seen. If this is the case then I&#8217;d like you to help out and get your briefcase of clean money and go to your local ATM and cram all the notes into the disposal slot. If we can synchronise this effectively we can get all the money in the world into the bank at the same time. This will reverse all the pain and suffering caused by all the ATMs that won&#8217;t spit money at us when we&#8217;re horny and naked. They never come home, they don&#8217;t cook and if they aren&#8217;t plugged in they barely vibrate at all.