---
title: Bees
author: logician
layout: post
permalink: /definitions/bees/
aktt_notify_twitter:
  - yes
idNumber:
  - 155
aktt_tweeted:
  - 1
robotsmeta:
  - index,follow
---
The purple lavender sat in the breeze, awaiting the sun of 2pm. At its harshest the rays shone straight into the stem&#8217;s core, heating and energising the flower until at the peak of overflowing nature the near-visible reflection of radiation disappears as soon as it arrives. <!--more-->About four or five minutes after this the lavender bows its head and gets out the muskets from the under-stair cupboard that is conventionally hidden by leaves.

The bees march through the air, flapping their wings at nowhere near the fluidity of an eagle; more like a robot arm beating a car chassis into shape. The many eyes of the bee stare in every direction but focus on the flower waiting to be attacked. Now the bee makes its final approach. From a nearby plant a small frog sits and watches the action. The amphibian is poised to join the fight. This particular frog barely exists in any book; it seems to be an ant. It&#8217;s shaped like one, has the eyes and antennae of one but sports a massive tongue that any elder sized frog would go green with jealousy over.

The frog concentrates and fires its tongue at the bees. The first lashing misses the two airborne stinger vehicles. The second catches one and instantly it begins. The yellow stripes start to seep away. The wings crumble off its exoskeletal chassis and it is humbled, landing on its feet, an ant anew. See for most people the animal kingdom is wrought with eventuality. Eventually a bear will sit on a porcupine. Eventually a shrimp will curl in the ocean just as our skin wrinkles in the shower. Eventually a wolf&#8217;s howl will stop permeating the night air like a threatened knife and will move on to being used to boil the evening potatoes and mash.

There is no evolution. There is only animals being sneaky and hiding from our view. I call this &#8220;truevolution&#8221;. Bees are some of the only insects that allow one to view this process of changing. There isn&#8217;t one animal morphing into another and inheriting traits over time. The truth is that animals change into other animals while they&#8217;re alive. Bring on the skeptics, I can take em all!