---
title: Pigeons
author: logician
layout: post
permalink: /definitions/pigeons/
idNumber:
  - 197
robotsmeta:
  - index,follow
---
&#8220;Keep your hands on the wheel!&#8221; The driving instructor was fierce, but for good reason. Gramber had failed the test four times in the last week. He was also staring at a pigeon outside his side window and his hands were adjusting his crotch. Gramber wondered why pigeons don&#8217;t have to drive. They could just fly without thinking. Gramber closed his eyes and imagined being a pigeon, flying higher than was likely. He frowned when the pigeon version of himself got was eaten by a rat. When he awoke his driving instructor had left, getting out of the car while it was paused at the traffic lights. He only turned back to give Gramber the finger.

Quickly realising his ability to piss off his instructor had won him the vehicle, Gramber pushed hard on the accelerator and drove smoothly away toward the garage full of cars he had collected. He took off his prosthetics and underwear and went inside. Casually slipping past his mother in the kitchen, Gramber took up his nightly post in front of the television and began to watch re-runs of Neighbours.

Gramber loved everything about Neighbours. The impeccable dialogue, the immense inter-twined storylines of all the characters and then most of all, how different they all were to him. Like all the stolen cars in his garage, like a pigeon, the neighbours were all people who reminded him how special he was to not be like any of them. It was very important that Gramber felt special. His Mother always reminded him he was but everyone else just acted as if he were irrelevant. Gramber was irrelevant. At least pigeons can fly.