---
title: Stress
author: logician
layout: post
permalink: /definitions/stress/
aktt_notify_twitter:
  - yes
idNumber:
  - 188
aktt_tweeted:
  - 1
robotsmeta:
  - index,follow
---
If something is put under stress then it snaps or breaks. It&#8217;s the number one rule of nature. Isaac Newton, inventor of the apple had his skull smashed in while testing  his &#8220;fall on my head&#8221; theory of gravity.

So stress also requires sacrifice. In order to feel normal we have to eat meat which is sacrificed efficiently via a instant stress machine or in other words, a hanging noose. Cows, sheep and pigs are all hung by their necks until their neck or spine snaps and breaks. Then we just twist off the carcass and eat it, similarly to how one eats a cheese pull-apart from a chain bakery. This is why dried meat is called jerky because you really have to pull at the torso of the cow to disconnect it from its head when the meat is left to dry for too long.

So stress on a deeper level also involves jerks and jerking off. While they might seem to be very different things in real life they often mirror their phonetic similarity. Jerks are mean people who make your life harder. When a person becomes aroused some part of their body gets harder. Relieving stress via jerking off is therefore the easiest when the stress is the hardest. While cleaning up sexual mess one might feel unclean and stress may rise again either in the form of more sexual activity or a sore back from bending over and mopping it all up.

A mop&#8217;s existence is purely devoted to the holding of dirt. The unrelenting scourge of the mop is both an existential problem and a constant reminder that the floor is just never, ever clean. The removal of dirt is stress relieving so the dirtiest place in the house (the used mop head) is the most stress free.

There is lots of dirt outside in the form of pure soil. Eating things that grow in the dirt make us more content, relieving stress. Just be sure that the apples that grow and fall with you watching from afar. Isaac newton knew it best; the real lesson is that gravity is an emotion, not a force.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;