---
title: Why
author: logician
layout: post
permalink: /definitions/why/
aktt_notify_twitter:
  - yes
idNumber:
  - 191
aktt_tweeted:
  - 1
robotsmeta:
  - index,follow
---
*&#8220;Mr. Cummingham, if we were to leave this school and find there were no birds in the sky, what would we say to our parents?&#8221;*

&#8220;The answer to that actually happens to be what today is all about. We&#8217;re going to answer a question that doesn&#8217;t present itself as such.&#8221;

*&#8220;Sir we&#8217;re only in grade four. Do you really thing that we&#8217;ll be able to even gradually comprehend the vast labyrinth of potential philosophy?&#8221;*

&#8220;You may. I think that it&#8217;s important to remember kids, while you&#8217;re eating oranges, something, somewhere, isn&#8217;t caring why.&#8221;

Mr. Cummingham took the pen that was lying closest to the whiteboard. Though it was clearly on its last 20% pen-streakiness, it was just enough to avoid the frustrating trip to the school stationary department. He wiped off the contemporary latin definitions, the notes from the history lesson on science fiction, the graph of (x vs. x)=x, the drawing of the cat, the last teacher&#8217;s name (&#8220;Carlisle&#8221;), the picture of the whiteboard and the list of alphatical numericals.

Drawing a deep, knowing breath, he drew a large but even square with the almost-black ink excreting from the semester old nib. Above the square he drew a solid question mark, one he went over four times in the hope of physically displaying his point. The children were quick to respond to the basic representation of logic.

*&#8220;Oh right so you&#8217;re meant to tick the box if yes, tick it if no right? You said this wasn&#8217;t a question!&#8221;*

&#8220;Ah but you fail to see my point. You have two options in this form correct?&#8221;

*&#8220;Yeah!&#8221;*

&#8220;No! Wrong! You have three! The first is to ignore your preconceptions about this box. This box could simply BE as the dust in your trousers IS. The second option is you tick, affirming your opinion on its existence yet ignoring the vast possibilities of what it could have been. The last is that you place the letter &#8220;y&#8221; inside the box.&#8221;

Cummingam put a large Y in the box and walked out of the classroom, humming about his surname in a cockney tone.  The children learnt that although &#8220;Y&#8221; is pronounced &#8220;Why&#8221;, yes is not an affirmation of a question. It merely leads one to ask why.