---
title: Space
author: logician
layout: post
permalink: /definitions/space/
aktt_notify_twitter:
  - yes
idNumber:
  - 192
aktt_tweeted:
  - 1
robotsmeta:
  - index,follow
phonetic: Spatch
---
It was the third night of the hike. The light was late in disappearing from one of the blurry horizons through the trees. Hael was still walking powerfully through the scrub despite having no light. The battery in his torch had failed in its intent and it wasn&#8217;t right to stop and replace the barrel with some fresh double AAs. He was on a roll here and it wasn&#8217;t seeming as it would let up.

Science has a way of interfering with all of this around me here. I have a roll of quarters that I stole from a man made out of a whole. His soul is mine but nothing matters out here. Hael crawled now, closer to the edge of the path where the grip was greater, the pools of water had settled in the middle of the gravel walkway. In between the gravel pieces on the ground there was an underlying heat, one that the sun had retained from two years ago, the last time anyone saw the sun. What is the day of the hike then? Is it closer or further from your likeness of time? Your watch keeps the memory of a night treated business-like as a day.

Hael quit these wonderings and continued down the side of the cliff, using the moonlight as his guide to latch onto pedestals he released from his satchel pack. A small squidgy bird approached his left arm and sidled along it, making those purring noises that a small kitten would make. Hael sniffed it. It&#8217;s not unusual to sniff birds. One would sniff a domestic creature like a cat or a dog so why not a bird?

Anyway. The bird was quite warm on his cheeks. Hael decided to let it rest there a while as he continued down the cliff. Eventually, having extracted all the heat from the bird via his face, Hael decided to roast the bird for sustenance. So he drew a quick breath and roasted the squidg out of the bird with his fire-breathing madness. It is necessary to give one space. If you stick a bird to your face with a stapling gun you&#8217;ll see that you tire of its company.