---
title: Mascara
author: logician
layout: post
permalink: /definitions/mascara/
aktt_notify_twitter:
  - yes
idNumber:
  - 189
aktt_tweeted:
  - 1
robotsmeta:
  - index,follow
phonetic: Massisnarkis
---
The fashion world is utterly confused. At least if you&#8217;re a geologist you can probably learn enough to tell the difference between tiny rocks (sand) and larger rocks (buildings). There are no constants in fashion except the constant that there are none. The average amount of time spent on drawing, cutting up, hand sewing and distributing fashionable headdresses to the poor could be much better spent creating real rations and support for these communities.

The runway is a long elevated platform that no one runs down. Its other name is a &#8216;catwalk&#8217; and one can be sure that if a cat went anywhere near it it&#8217;d run away. Some of the highest fashion is completely impractical. Nevertheless it is a great place for artists to publicly express any emotion through their models&#8217; faeces. Models are on average covered in make up. A lot of the time fashion models model masks made modally in a modelling workshop. These masks cover their faces completely and often the only thing that can be seen through is the eyes.

The question still remains though; how is it that there are mask holes where the eyes are? What possible reason could there be for these vision gaps? It&#8217;s not like these are being cut there by mask makers, they must have been bored through by someone or something else! This is where the potent mascara comes in. Ever been kissing someone with mascara on and felt like your face was on fire? This is because the lashes of your beau have been enhanced to razor sharp, extended length blades that have the power to scrape eye holes in things. Like your face.

What&#8217;s the solution? Is it gaffa taping your face? Is it to apply mascara to your own eyes and then while making out your eyelashes can have sword fights with your love&#8217;s? No! You just both need to be wearing masks with no eye holes when you start. Then your love&#8217;s maskillra laden lashes can bore through their mask and yours, finally culminating in what a good relationship should be; everything except the eyes hiding behind a mask.