---
title: Inner Ear
author: logician
layout: post
permalink: /definitions/inner-ear/
idNumber:
  - 196
robotsmeta:
  - index,follow
phonetic: "Outer ear"
---
We hear sound inside our ears. There are tiny hairs on the inner ear that trap noise and converts it into electrical signals that our brain can understand. Apparently this process is facilitated by tiny hairs in the inner ear that are vibrated by sound *waves*. This is why when someone screams loud enough, everyone has a bad time. Their inner ear is being dumped in the heavy surf! (try this on everyone you know!). Though it is amusing screaming riiight next to someone&#8217;s ear, the inner ear is really no laughing matter. When men lose their hair, they lose it all! That means If you have no h-air, you can&#8217;t h-ear. So why *do* we have such a punishing hair-based system for hearing?

It was roughly 3000 years ago when the first man to be shot out of a cannon landed in the dirt, far away from the nearest source of water. Slipping off his helmet, Mitham shook his wooly mane out. Hat hair. Mitham had been trying to fly to water. His people were about 40km away, slowly dying of thirst. He simply HAD to calibrate the cannon in such a way that allowed him to launch them all to the water lest they all die in the desolate sands. He knew there was a place about 100km away where he could land in the water, the children could eat all the fish and the women could grow fat from eating all the birds.

Mitham made it back to camp a couple of sand and sun drenched days later. The heat of the sun had inspired a panic in him that caused him to eat the hair on his head. He got back into the cannon and forgot his helmet. His bare burnt scalp shone in the sun as the fuse was lit. A few seconds later and Mitham felt the familiar energy beneath his feet. As the cannon fired Mitham noticed two things. A piercing schreeech in his ears and a great speed, one he had always envisaged but never experienced. A few minutes later he landed perfectly in the fresh water lake. His head was ringing&#8230; the world was different&#8230; fish swam in his mouth seconds later. He swam for what felt like an age before realising that no one could follow where he led. Or so he thought.

As his thought completed there came more whistling through the air. Derrick landed next to him and motioned to his ears. He had aimed the cannon where the whistle had ceased. Mitham trying to speak but heard nothing. Hair for water. A fair trade. From that day forward, the loss of hair was shown to be a genetic win, with women everywhere flocking to bed and fire up the bald gene. Why is baldness derided nowadays? Because it&#8217;s stuck in logic&#8217;s canon.