---
title: Thin Ice
author: logician
layout: post
permalink: /definitions/thin-ice/
aktt_notify_twitter:
  - yes
idNumber:
  - 184
aktt_tweeted:
  - 1
robotsmeta:
  - index,follow
phonetic: Gin nice (tonic a must)
---

I&#8217;ve only seen snow when it&#8217;s cold. It&#8217;s not nearly cold enough in Melbourne for it to snow sno I snhaven&#8217;t sneen seen any snow since I went overseas. Seeing as the sea doesn&#8217;t freeze it&#8217;s only on land that we see snow. Which brings me to the point about ice. If you have ice skates then it&#8217;s far beyond the time where you should have been out using them. Ice cream is great so ice skating must be even better!

People get scared of thin ice. They try and avoid skating across it due to the &#8216;potential&#8217; for the ice to crack. The problem with this logic is that most don&#8217;t actually know what the cracks are, why they are caused, what the word potential means or what is underneath them. The truth of the matter lies, like most things, in fear. While you were rolling around in bed last night muttering sweet nothings to your pillow where your ex used to sleep a small bug was running away from you. You&#8217;re fucking huge and it neither wants anything to do with you nor understands what you mean by the semi-incoherent sleep talk, &#8220;Oh yeah, bring the cheese grater in. I love it when you&#8217;re naked and remind me of dairy products.&#8221;

The bug runs towards the darkest thing that it can because generally really dark objects seem to be directly related to an inability for humans to access them properly. Crevices, cracks, caves, night time&#8230; the list goes on. So the bug gets into the nearest crack and hides, saving its hide and allowing you to sleep without being covered in bugs. So ice skates work in a similar way. Ice skates are utterly terrified of humans. They create cracks in order to *escape* your feet! It&#8217;s not that the ice is thin. It&#8217;s not that the water beneath is cold.

So the next time you go ice skating on thin ice and cracks form do your boots the kind relieving favour of throwing them into the cracks. To do anything else is tantamount to torture.