---
title: Paradise
author: logician
layout: post
permalink: /definitions/paradise/
aktt_notify_twitter:
  - yes
idNumber:
  - 190
aktt_tweeted:
  - 1
robotsmeta:
  - index,follow
---
Paradise is a state of bliss. A state of temporary focussed unawareness. It is the precipice of conventional reality. So why is it that after death we are sold the idea of eternal paradise? It is clear that if we maintain paradise in its extremes that we are ostracised or ruined physically through an overuse of sex or a drug or religious extremism. The true moments of paradise seem only attainable via these means.

Additionally it seems apparent that the most frustrating moments in life are also closely linked to what we determine paradise to be. They are wrought with ignorance but instead of triggering pleasure they cause failure, sadness and regret. We might also refer to these particular moments as &#8216;hell&#8217;. More interestingly in most cases extreme irrational frustration ends with a moment of paradise, in the case quite literally of sexual frustration and the requisite end of it.

If anyone really sat down and considered it, heaven would be hell and hell could be heaven. &#8220;You are always happy in heaven&#8221;. You are high. You are not yourself or any serious representation of the soul you inhabited on the earth. Why would that be something that even a Christian could really truly want? I think heaven is where you have all basic needs and you have the ability to exert your own decisions based on whatever bullshit you&#8217;ve been through growing up. Purgatory is sleep.

Life is heaven and hell and nothing exists beyond it. Negate paradise and you&#8217;ll pretty soon start seeing that there is no time that exists where absolutely everything is either good or bad. Then you&#8217;ll probably want a nap. Ok!