---
title: Itty bits
author: logician
layout: post
permalink: /definitions/itty-bits/
aktt_notify_twitter:
  - yes
idNumber:
  - 193
aktt_tweeted:
  - 1
robotsmeta:
  - index,follow
phonetic: "Jitty dits"
---
It is the heat of summer. The height of sweltering on-off again sheets. You can&#8217;t lie in your bed without feeling as if you&#8217;d be cooler standing up. You stand up but the sleep-drunk state means you don&#8217;t think it through and you end up falling both down and asleep, smashing your head on the large gold trophy you won for &#8220;Best at balancing&#8221;. It&#8217;s a nasty, tragically ironic place to be in. What&#8217;s nastier is when you&#8217;ve done the nightly mosquito thing; you&#8217;ve killed nigh on all of them, you end up lying in bed and feeling itches on your body. It is dark so you look at the place where the itch is in the hope that you can see it. Maybe if you saw it it would itch less! So! You peel off the wafer thin summer sheet and squint. Of course the lightswitch would help but if you turn it on then you might never get to/back to sleep.

So you squint some and think you see something, you feel it with your fingers but then the itch promptly moves to the other side of your body. AHA! A red patch! Yes! Ok! Nope, that&#8217;s where you smashed your shin on the coffee table in the living room. You wonder why *coffee* tables need to be so low to the ground. To see the TV? Yep, that would be it. You stumble outside and pour coffee all over your television set. Promptly returning to the bedroom you lie down again. This time the itch is in your crotch. NO. There&#8217;s no way a mosquito could get there&#8230; or could it? THEN! WHEN WAS THE LAST TIME YOU HAD AN STI CHECK! Oh well, there aren&#8217;t any doctors open now so you roll over, scratch your genitals and wait for sunrise. Itty bits are, in no particular order: not bugs, crumbs from the last time you ate naked in bed, collected dust particles, dried bodily fluids and bugs.