---
title: Blowing
author: logician
layout: post
permalink: /definitions/blowing/
aktt_notify_twitter:
  - yes
idNumber:
  - 195
aktt_tweeted:
  - 1
robotsmeta:
  - index,follow
---
&#8220;Just rub the seal blubber all over your body if you&#8217;re cold. The seal is in the oven.&#8221; Jameson was definite in his approach. Always was. If there was a time for a decision to be made or a coin to be flipped, he always knew the answer. Feeling sad? &#8220;Inject drugs in your face-mouth.&#8221; Waiting for a bus? &#8220;Catch the train instead.&#8221; Feeling hungry? &#8220;Food is too small to see.&#8221; Each pearl of wisdom was sucked up by his only family, a daughter who was going on the age of reason.

Jameson spent each day trying to fill her mind with more home truths, knowing that someday she would move away from him and his wisdom, no matter how righteous he could be. One of the last meanings Jameson had was the girl. It wasn&#8217;t fair that age happened. So one day he got up out of bed and took all the clocks into the kitchen. Much to Jameson&#8217;s aplomb, the analogue clock parts made quite an acrid smoke once they began to fry in the tandoori paste in the saucepan. The girl woke up and came into the kitchen and looked at her father questionably. That was a new thing too. The questioning.

Jameson replied to the face with a lesson he considered most important. Grabbing the melted mess off the kitchen stove, he motioned towards the ceiling. &#8220;Does your mouth feel hot? That&#8217;s because you&#8217;re a heater. The thing is, you don&#8217;t realise that if you blow on your hands while your arms are outstretched, you will find your breath cool. Humans *only *exist because they can both heat and cool food and beverages with their face.&#8221;

Jameson continued, &#8220;This is useful because you can go camping and outdoors with the knowledge that a freshly roasted chicken or rabbit is but a few puffs away from crisped perfection. You can stand back from a mirror on a hot day and blow hard and the cool air will reflect along with your reflection and you&#8217;ll feel better. The thing is, every time you breath you get a bit closer to dying. Every time you breath you get a bit colder, older, wiser and less innocent. That&#8217;s why I&#8217;m going to huff this smoke and watch time go backward. That way this can go on forever.

&#8220;What can go on forever Dad?&#8221;

Jameson huffed away at the smoke pouring out of the saucepan until he only felt the necessary tightness in his throat. When he looked at his daughter again, she was next to his bed, 20 years older. Jameson had forgotten that huffing time meant that you got less. Blowing all that time would have gotten him more. The nurse walked out of the room.