---
title: Lost
author: logician
layout: post
permalink: /definitions/lost/
idNumber:
  - 200
robotsmeta:
  - index,follow
phonetic: "List"
---
The other day I walked into a shop and was asked if I knew where I was. I had spent 20 minutes looking at the sign before entering so I was a bit taken aback. I explained to the shopkeeper that I knew where I was because he had put a sign out the front that said &#8216;shop&#8217;. He responded in kind by being mean and said that not everyone could read. I then put it to the man that not adequately describing his shop was misleading because it implied that it was THE shop, THE place to get anything that shops have. He stared at me for a couple of seconds, called me a loser, took a bite of his apple and angrily winked at me while massaging his thigh until I could smell his leg cooking from the chafed skin the rubbing was creating. I left feeling lost.

In most competition there is a deigned winner and loser. Someone comes out on top. Unfortunately winning and losing of any kind has a unique effect on a person&#8217;s sense of direction. Many times entire football squads have scattered across the field at the end of the game, running about looking violently confused. Just last year a gambler in a casino ended up stranded in the middle of the ocean after a plane he had run to landed in its destination, the Arctic Nocean. Unluckily for him, the plane ticket cost more than what he lost at blackjack. Realising this, the loss overcame him and he disappeared roughly 20 metres from Fuckingham Palace, England.

One of the key tenets of outdoor tourism is the promise of getting lost. We spend our lives looking at maps and planning things but then for some reason when we go on holiday the ideal is that we throw away all the useful gadgets and just submit to the wilderness. Let the wilderness win. This propaganda at its heart is all about population control, which I have no issue with. I just prefer they&#8217;d be more direct. Something along the lines of &#8220;Get lost and dead in the desert&#8221; would suffice.

*OH GOODNESS 200!! I know I&#8217;ve been slow recently, work and all the rest get me down. But even if this is your first post, thanks for reading!!*