---
title: Foiled
author: logician
layout: post
permalink: /definitions/foiled/
idNumber:
  - 198
robotsmeta:
  - index,follow
phonetic: "Old alan"
---
It&#8217;s really important to remember in this New Year that recycling is crucial to our future on this earth. Start integrating environmentally sound techniques to decrease your Carbon Faceprint! Go for a walk to a park and then crawl across it. Collect all your important paper-based things like birth certificates and passports and make sure that you shred them and spray them on the garden. Get a subscription to that service that teaches cows to give birth to pigs on command (www.multimeatanimals.com). Meet your family for lunch and serve them a stew of all the vomit from that housewarming party. It&#8217;s so easy! Crucially, just save any energy you can!

Energy is represented in physics by the tiny little flying rocks that come from the sun. These rocks are constantly falling to earth and luckily enough for us, they remain hot forever. If you can collect enough of these rocks and trap them in a heat proof oven tray, you end up with a very hot oven tray. The problem is that because the rocks are so light, they fly away. Some rocks are so small they can fly THROUGH things. This is very painful to experience.

Luckily enough for us, tiny rocks can barely see themselves in reflections. This is lucky because what they see they hate. They aren&#8217;t individuals. They aren&#8217;t their own entities. All the same like ants. It just isn&#8217;t fair :(. Naturally the rocks move away from shiny things cos of their self esteem. This is why we use mirrors to direct the tiny rocks through the air. It&#8217;s also why a roast turkey from over 2 years ago can still be warm, fresh and delicious if wrapped in foil when it was initially cooked.