---
title: Bowling
author: logician
layout: post
permalink: /definitions/bowling/
aktt_notify_twitter:
  - yes
idNumber:
  - 20
aktt_tweeted:
  - 1
---
As kids, bowling was a great exercise in restraint but utter torture at the same time. <!--more--> You get there and hear torutured screams coming from all but one alley, the one where you have to bowl. You sit down on your chair and the screen lights up. Bob Jenkins is first to be subject to the torture. He is suddenly ripped from his chair by a mysterious magnetic force and pulled head first towards the pins at startling speed, resulting in:

  * - All of the pins bursting into flame as his head hits them at over 300km/h.
  * - Bob getting burnt.
  * - All the pins burn to ash and the computer records a &#8220;strike&#8221;, bob&#8217;s severed head returned along that bowling ball returny thing.

<p style="padding:20px 0 0 0;">
  As a matter of fact this where the phrase &#8220;strike a match&#8221; came from. In the world of psychological discourse gripping tightly on the coke/sprite soaked chair as everyone else around you is gradually lost to the brutal force of the alley hell are memories most people have painfully engrained in our minds.
</p>

There have even been talk of people joining bowling clubs. In order to join you have to have head-ass swappage surgery so that instead of getting killed by the impact to the head the pins simply go up your ass, which as we all know is a most pleasant experience. So if you&#8217;ve had the surgery, please disregard my words. You&#8217;re in for the time of your life!