---
title: Equality
author: logician
layout: post
permalink: /definitions/equality/
aktt_notify_twitter:
  - yes
idNumber:
  - 39
aktt_tweeted:
  - 1
robotsmeta:
  - index,follow
---
&#8220;Stand in line, and make sure you&#8217;re facing the right way.&#8221;

<!--more--> &#8220;What kind of man doesn&#8217;t turn around to look when told?&#8221;

Never mind that it hurts a lot to remove your nose from a wall after you&#8217;ve been trying for about an hour to hold still enough for the glue to dry so you can claim nose-gluing bragging rights over the other kids, I felt embarrased and my face went as red as the blood dripping from the space where my nose used to be.

As soon as my nose was gone I felt a surge of fear and anger. I hated what the teacher was. What it standed for. I called the children to order and together we bashed its brains in with our desk lids.

You know what? I&#8217;ve never even felt a pang of guilt. Of course with my nose gone, I couldn&#8217;t smell. If you can&#8217;t smell then you have no concept of equality. Look at dogs. They smell each other&#8217;s asses carefully to determine equality.

Ever seen two dogs fighting? I think not. They bark at each other from a distance asking &#8220;can i smell you&#8221;? This way dogs are all equal. Why do you think the US is so harsh on Tralsgalians? Because those fucking aliens are out of sniff&#8217;s reach. What you can&#8217;t smell you doubt, fear and exclude.

For example I doubt you can read. I fear that you can eat my fingers by performing a voodoo ritual on your keyboard and I&#8217;m excluding you by speaking the next paragraph out loud instead of typing it.

That means you&#8217;ll never know what it was going to be.