---
title: Chivalry
author: logician
layout: post
permalink: /definitions/chivalry/
aktt_notify_twitter:
  - yes
idNumber:
  - 32
aktt_tweeted:
  - 1
robotsmeta:
  - index,follow
---
*&#8220;Further, its modern meanings are different from its medieval meanings. <!--more--> Thus, the exact meaning of chivalry changes depending on the writer, the time period, and the region, 

**so a comprehensive definition of the term is elusive.**&#8221; (from wikipedia)  
*

A lot of women I&#8217;ve met love chivalry. Understandably! They get to go first, get doors opened, chairs pulled out for them, smiles and the opportunity to gain a standing over a male. Put quite bluntly, the act of chivalry itself is not selfless or a show of emotional attachment or feelings from the male&#8217;s side. I set about watching the male&#8217;s face when he was committing the &#8216;chivalrous&#8217; act. Realistically it all boils down, at a base level, to sex. Hilariously the impulse that crosses the male&#8217;s mind is not that they are &#8220;letting&#8221; the woman go first or committing the act because they feel an &#8220;uncontrollable urge of niceness come on&#8221;, they are literally just making sure they&#8217;re the boss and decide what goes on. &#8220;Here let me do that for you&#8221; = &#8220;I have dominance.&#8221; They get to check out the chick&#8217;s behind while getting in their good books for being &#8220;chivalrous&#8221;.

*&#8220;In the Middle Ages, it was **to win the favors of worthy women that men adhered to a higher standard of social behavior.** Courtesy, honor, generosity andfaithfulness became as important as prowess at arms. This Code of Chivalry made a man a knight and worthy of the love of a woman. Otherwise, he was just a brute with a sword. (from http://www.21stcenturychivalry.com/Women\_in\_Chivalry.html )&#8221;*

*&#8220;to win the favors of worthy women that men adhered ** to a higher standard of social behavior**&#8220;***. **OR perhaps it&#8217;s THIS:** &#8220;to win the favors of women they considered attractive men acted like they were nice until the chance arose where they could copulate at which point the selfish, loathsome act was dropped.&#8221;**  
**

It just isn&#8217;t clean or pure in any way.

<address>
</address>