---
title: Combs
author: logician
layout: post
permalink: /definitions/combs/
aktt_notify_twitter:
  - yes
idNumber:
  - 27
aktt_tweeted:
  - 1
---
Ok, you&#8217;ve just gotten out of the shower. Your hair is all over the place. <!--more--> You reach over to the bench because the soap is in your eyes and you find there&#8217;s nothing there. Yes, that&#8217;s right, we&#8217;ve just stepped back in time to that of the neanderthal. The shower you&#8217;re naked and extremely hairy in is a 

*waterfall*. All you have to get those nasty knots out of your hair is.. perhaps a twig? Yes! You reach for a twig. After about 4 hours all of the knots get out of your hair and you can go on with inventing the wheel or something stupid like that.

**Fast forward 200 years. **

You&#8217;re a english gentleman, resigned to your study for the evening. You light a cigar, take off your top hat and realise a small child has become entangled in your hair. You reach for the twig, an invention for hair maintenance that has been handed down for generations. The twig can&#8217;t remove the child because it&#8217;s too simple. After making sure the child is fast asleep (reading peter pan did the trick) you get out some sellotape and a vacuum cleaner. You carefully stick TWO twigs together with the tape. Then you start chanting to yourself &#8220;Come on boy, get unstuck!&#8221; The child&#8217;s sleeping body gradually becomes unstuck from your hair as you keep whispering &#8220;Come boy&#8221;, &#8220;Come boy&#8221;. The small boy eventually slumps lightly onto the floor. You use the vacuum cleaner on his body and go and put him in the lake. So the &#8220;Come boy&#8221; or &#8220;Comb&#8221; as it&#8217;s known today progressed. Every 200 years another prong was added to the  comb until it became what it is today. Pure hair brushing magic.