---
title: Cleaning
author: logician
layout: post
permalink: /definitions/cleaning/
aktt_notify_twitter:
  - yes
  - yes
idNumber:
  - 127
aktt_tweeted:
  - 1
robotsmeta:
  - index,follow
---
<p style="text-align: justify;">
  The surfaces in my house are dusty and dirty. <!--more-->I&#8217;d best give them a good clean over. Out with the newest range of bench-anti-persperant. You spray the surface, leave it for five minutes and from then until probably tuesday there will be no spilling, no unfortunate mistakes. Now onto the shower. Has anyone ever thought that the best method to clean the shower just MIGHT be opening up the shower head and using a megaphone to tell the dirt creating bacteria to &#8220;
  
  <strong>FUCK RIGHT OFF.&#8221; </strong>I doubt any of you tempestuous miscreants have even hearkened to my past warnings about this. With cleaning it&#8217;s all about the source.
</p>

<p style="text-align: justify;">
  So if you clean the inside of taps, split tiles open and dust in there, turn your watch inside out then most of these things will keep reasonably good time. Now onto food. Recently I came down with a severe bout of gastro which to put it lightly brought me to the point where there was no difference in the watery deposits of my penis and anus. We spend all our time cleaning pots, pans, pants, cultery, floors and doorknobs and for what? I&#8217;m beginning to realise that we don&#8217;t clean FOOD enough. We might wash our hands before preparing it but do we <em>ever</em> get a piece of toast out of the toaster and just give it a good detergent and scrubbing?
</p>

<p style="text-align: justify;">
  To put this into practice does require effort. If you have no appliances then you might as well just kill yourself, there&#8217;s no way you&#8217;re going to sit there carefully washing the grit and disease from every single coffee bean in existence. So you should go ahead and use a washing machine instead of a large pot if you have to make a curry. Take a shower with pancake batter and wash milk in the sink before letting it dry in the washing rack.
</p>