---
title: There
author: logician
layout: post
permalink: /definitions/there/
aktt_notify_twitter:
  - yes
idNumber:
  - 139
aktt_tweeted:
  - 1
robotsmeta:
  - index,follow
---
In the air is more than a tonne of oxygen. <!--more-->More than a tonne. Elephants don&#8217;t even weigh as much as all of the oxygen in the world. The thing about air is that it is constantly over there. King Henry the 3rd described this sensation, mentioning in a speech to the commoners that the air or in olde speak; &#8220;th-ere&#8221;, was a conundrum. He ordered everyone to collect all of the air that they could but more often than not the air just ended up filling his lungs and then disappearing, like the dove on a monring wavelesslyless. The issue of everything being over there also comes down to the fact that &#8220;there&#8221; in our terms is very restricted. We can only refer to something in this way if it involves actual air. So our atmosphere limits our imagination and expansion of word meaning.

I have of course devised a solution to this problem. It&#8217;s really simple. We ship a bubble of air out into space. Owing to the fact that somewhere in the universe a different speed of light exists, eventually our bubble of human air would reach a place where it could go faster without critical mass. I&#8217;m sure the poor dear would eventually get homesick and that&#8217;s when things get interesting. Now this bubble is travelling faster than the speed of light and comes towards earth at critical mass. Eventually the bubble eats earth and suddenly our concept of what is &#8220;over there&#8221; changes because our atmosphere, or &#8220;realm of air&#8221; as King Henry the 3rd mentioned it is bigger. Suddenly we can go into zero-g and still breathe the air we go on our way home from work. Work air is of course different to travel air. One of them is constantly over there no?