---
title: Legs
author: logician
layout: post
permalink: /definitions/legs/
aktt_notify_twitter:
  - yes
idNumber:
  - 89
aktt_tweeted:
  - 1
robotsmeta:
  - index,follow
---
Which came first, the chicken or the egg? <!--more-->Ah this boring, perennial waste of a question generally plagues the youth of today for about five minutes before they realise that it&#8217;s very obviously a much bigger issue than is implied by the question&#8217;s childish phrasing. People love talking about it because it&#8217;s not really a human question. The question about which came first, the egg or the leg is much more controversial and never discussed. Why?

The answer is actually in both of the aforementioned questions. But firstly I&#8217;ll answer the chicken one. Chickens actually evolved from eggs. So eggs were first. Self containing, self-nourishing systems of life and yolk. They got bored and grew parts that let them do shit.

What is the one variable that isn&#8217;t considered when it comes to birth order? Species blending. If god made us by mixing some fish eggs with an ape then why couldn&#8217;t some of our parts be created by other animals, perhaps oh I don&#8217;t know&#8230; a chicken scientist? Initially there were no legs except on birds. They needed legs the most according to evolution because they had to walk to areas where they could fly. (kind of like getting a taxi to the airport)

One day there was one born who decided that by giving humans, at the time a weak and legless species, legs they could be lazier in the long run because the humans would carry them around. So this scientist made a really, really long egg and strapped it to our legs. Initially the experiments were failures, our legs ending up either rotten or sunny-side up in the desert. But in time WE evolved so that the eggs became muscular and tough. Legs were born. Unable to copulate we added eggs to our sex system, shoving eggs in women until they learnt to make tiny ones and shaping egg shaped penises so that men could deal with semen.