---
title: Soup
author: logician
layout: post
permalink: /definitions/soup/
aktt_notify_twitter:
  - yes
idNumber:
  - 138
aktt_tweeted:
  - 1
robotsmeta:
  - index,follow
---
There is a distinction in most people&#8217;s heads in terms of the difference between a drink and food. <!--more-->Water is a drink, food is a solid. Where does soup get off trying to span this bridge? Furthermore where does soup get off trying to combine meat and vegetables into an intelligible mess of flavour. Disgusting. If I&#8217;m at a supermarket the 

*last* thing I think about is buying a soup that has been in a tin for probably over five years. When meat dies it&#8217;s meant to *die*, not live on in a tin. When you boil soup really what you&#8217;re doing is torturing animals even more than you were initially by keeping domestic cats.

So if soup is pointless, why does it exist? I think it&#8217;s simply down to the sad truth that some people have more tongues than teeth. You&#8217;ve got your everyday chap, he goes and eats broccoli off the shelf in coles. Now your tongue man, he can taste pretty well but chewing for him is like putting a 20 day gobstopper in your mouth. You think it&#8217;ll go away but it never fucking does so you put it in the bin all covered in hair. But think about soup! Soup can go in between all of the tongues and dance, with each tongues making out with the other inside the mouth before an orgy of saliva cascades in and makes the mouth cum with pleasure. Maybe that&#8217;s how they should sell soup&#8230;

If you haven&#8217;t got more tongues then teeth and I catch you heating up a vegetable broth that&#8217;s more liquid than solid and you tell me &#8220;would you like something to eat&#8221; and then proceed to give me a &#8216;cup o soup&#8217; in a cup then I will take your soup, pour it into the toilet, relieve myself on it, scoop the combination out, boil it lightly, add cat food and feed it to you rectally. Go clean your mouth out you disgusting pig.