---
title: Cup Day
author: logician
layout: post
permalink: /definitions/cup-day/
aktt_notify_twitter:
  - yes
aktt_tweeted:
  - 1
idNumber:
  - 141
robotsmeta:
  - index,follow
---
All the horses line up for the start of the race. <!--more-->There&#8217;s over 50 horses. Some are brown and then some are also differently brown. Some are that brown that is kind of orange but not so you look and wonder if it&#8217;s actually a pony. Now the starting gun goes off!!! Is that an actual gun? No just a small little cap gun. Appropriate given that the jockeys are also wearing caps. They&#8217;re off! Each horse is racing for a cup. Did this ever phase anyone? In cricket the cup is traditional because they drink beer out of it at the end. Horses don&#8217;t even have pliable thumbs. Even though they have large heads, they don&#8217;t have cup heads. They can&#8217;t drink from cups. If it were called &#8220;the Melbourne trough&#8221; I might allow it. 

*Maybe. *

I propose a modification to cup day if we must persist with the misleading title. How about we  make the cup day more about cups than horses. This would mean giving everyone two cups to clap with instead of their hands. The advantage of this is that clapping cups together kind of sounds like horses galloping anyway. Now the horse race is set inside a very large cup. Kind of like a velodrome, if the horses aren&#8217;t fast enough they fall into the middle where there&#8217;s a large spinning blade, menacingly warning off potential suckers. That way there would be less shitty horses bothering to run in the race and betting would be more entertaining.

The other option is to race cups and fill the audience with horses. I think it&#8217;s fair to say that if you&#8217;ve seen a bunch of horses then you know what they run like. Blahblah gallop gallop. But CUPS don&#8217;t even have legs, let alone the means for a jockey to easily rest aboard. Imagine mugs vs. wine glasses. Glass vs. ceramic! It would be visually better and cheaper because cups are only $1 from savers.