---
title: Ideology
author: logician
layout: post
permalink: /definitions/ideology/
aktt_notify_twitter:
  - yes
idNumber:
  - 118
aktt_tweeted:
  - 1
robotsmeta:
  - index,follow
---
There is an ideology that is defined as the ideas of things. <!--more-->So behind everything for some people there is a god&#8217;s design, an environment that&#8217;s angry at us, some bombs for tuesday and some drowning in melted cheese for wednesday. One of my problems with most of the drunk discussions that turn to ideologies is that we only talk about ourselves. We sit in bars and pubs and wonder about the drinks prices and the sky while meanwhile our chairs are underneath us with their own ideologies at work. It kind of works like this:

**The Chair**: &#8220;BEING SAT ON BEING SAT ON BEING SAT ON&#8221;  
**The Heat Lamp in the outdoor area**: &#8220;IT&#8217;S HOT BUT THAT&#8217;S THE POINT IT&#8217;S HOT BUT THAT&#8217;S THE POINT IT&#8217;S HOT BUT THAT&#8217;S THE POINT&#8221;  
**Your backpack**: &#8220;I&#8217;M HOLDING THINGS I&#8217;M HOLDING THINGS I&#8217;M HOLDING THINGS&#8221;  
**Your Glass (as it&#8217;s being drunk)**: &#8220;I HOPE HE DRINKS ALL OF ME SO I CAN GET REFILLED I HOPE HE DRINKS ALL OF ME SO I CAN GET REFILLED I HOPE HE DRINKS ALL OF ME SO I CAN GET REFILLED&#8221;  
**Your Back Pocket**: IF HE FORGETS AGAIN THAT I&#8217;M FULL OF HOLES I WILL SPIT HIS KEYS ON THE GROUND IF HE FORGETS AGAIN THAT I&#8217;M FULL OF HOLES I WILL SPIT HIS KEYS ON THE GROUND IF HE FORGETS AGAIN THAT I&#8217;M FULL OF HOLES I WILL SPIT HIS KEYS ON THE GROUND&#8221;

So you get the basic idea. It follows that if inanimate objects have their own ideologies, sets of rules and faiths that govern their existence we should all have our own as well. Dependant on who or what you are they could be something of the following:

**Man**: &#8220;THE MORE SEX THE MERRIER THE MORE SEX THE MERRIER THE MORE SEX THE MERRIER&#8221;  
**Woman**: &#8220;I WILL GO BOATING AND FISHING BUT ONLY IN A SUNDAY DRESS. AND ONLY ON A SUNDAY. ALL OTHER DAYS NO FISHING. SERIOUSLY. FUCK FISH UNLESS I&#8217;M LOOKING GOD DAMN HAWT&#8221;  
**Neurotic Male**: &#8220;WHAT IF I DON&#8217;T GET IT UP BEFORE SEX I&#8217;D BETTER PRACTICE JERKING HEAPS&#8221;  
**Neurotic Female**: &#8220;HE&#8217;S TALKING TO ANOTHER WOMAN, NOW HE MUST FIND ME UNATTRACTIVE AND WANT TO MOVE ON, I&#8217;LL PROBABLY KILL HIM&#8221;  
**Cat**: &#8220;FOOD MILK PATTING OR I WILL BITCH AT ALL OF THE WORST TIMES OF DAY. I&#8217;LL ALSO MAKE IT LOOK CUTE SO THEY ENCOURAGE ME, THEREBY JUSTIFYING ALL OF MY BITCHING FOREVER&#8221;  
**Dog**: &#8220;I BET THERE&#8217;S A HOLE IN HIS LEG. IF I FUCK IT ENOUGH I&#8217;LL FIND THE HOLE AND WE&#8217;LL MAKE LITTLE DOGS&#8221;

So on and so on. What I&#8217;m trying to say about ideology is that it&#8217;s a power not many get a grasp of. It&#8217;s always one or two things that broadly govern your life, why not just pay attention to them?