---
title: Dog Lips
author: logician
layout: post
permalink: /definitions/dog-lips/
aktt_notify_twitter:
  - yes
idNumber:
  - 50
requestPost:
  - James
aktt_tweeted:
  - 1
robotsmeta:
  - index,follow
---
Despite Roger&#8217;s best efforts, the day wasn&#8217;t going to be wasted. <!--more-->Sitting there all sopping wet, both in penis and general vicinity in the back of the car wasn&#8217;t the way he wanted to end his life. Sopping wet was part of it but sitting in a car was near the bottom, or arsehole, of his list. You grow up your entire life, each day getting younger in the legs and older in the face. Because he&#8217;s so wet he doesn&#8217;t feel the rain beating down on the car from the open heavens above. Wait I&#8217;ll change character.

Despite Michelle&#8217;s best efforts, the day would be a lot like yesterday except without the loaf of bread. Yesterday it was too claggy in her stomuch, sticking there like the time she gorged on glue. Eating glue was a lot better than those people she saw sniffing it. Icky poo! What a nasty stench. Hilda went into the car and then Roger was all like &#8220;hi&#8221; and she was like &#8220;yeah the shit you were pulling yesterday was something that made me unhappy with your performance as a male in this relationship. I would prefer if you were more manly, that way I could start to decide that I want children with you.&#8221;

Roger wanted kids with her too so he gave karen a large bouquet of flowers. Janice ate all of that! To the pit of her stomuch the meaty flowers sank, while outside a whole pack of dogs stood proud. They were roger&#8217;s dogs, and he had harvested their faces for their lips. They look like flowers (dalmations are especially pretty), taste like honey. Dogs truly are man&#8217;s best friend&#8230; because men can use their faces for romantic purposes. Or to trade for VB. VB is made from dog lips. GRAB A COLDIE.

NUUUUMMMBERRRRR 50!!!!!!!!!!!!!!