---
title: Gills
author: logician
layout: post
permalink: /definitions/gills/
aktt_notify_twitter:
  - yes
requestPost:
  - Liam (3/3)
idNumber:
  - 54
aktt_tweeted:
  - 1
robotsmeta:
  - index,follow
---
Evolution! <!--more-->I&#8217;ve covered it gradually throughout my entries thusa farly. Today I&#8217;d like to tell you about an offer you can&#8217;t refuse. You&#8217;ve got fish on the one hand, then you have humans on the other. Humans don&#8217;t have gills, fish have gills, therefore fish are evolved from humans. Look at it this way: How much ocean is there versus sea? What is realistically the best place to live! The sea.

Hundreds of years ago some men were sick of land, of the weather and having to deal with their lungs collapsing. So. First they got really fat. Fat like you&#8217;ve got rolls in your neck fat. It was ahrd to do back then. There were only dinosaurs and those things were realistically lean meat unless you found a pot-smoking tyrannosaurus, in which case the dude was huge. Perfect! So they ate a few high tyrannosauruses that they found eating pizza at a local dominos.

Fat fat fat and then to the desert! They all lay there in the sand and extreme sun until their skin dried out. The skin was brittle, easy to crack. So they just used their fingernails to tear slits in the rolls of fat. Suddenly they had a much easier way to breathe, one that was practical for swimming, maybe even living in the ocean. Ever noticed that sand is in the wettest and the driest places on earth? That&#8217;s because when these men left the desert they had sand in the cracks of their shoes. So they dove into the pacific and were never seen again. Today we have fish everywhere sporting their masochistic gills.