---
title: Kissing
author: logician
layout: post
permalink: /definitions/kissing/
aktt_notify_twitter:
  - yes
idNumber:
  - 116
aktt_tweeted:
  - 1
robotsmeta:
  - index,follow
---
Despite my best intentions I&#8217;ve never been able to avoid kissing. <!--more-->The act of putting my mouth.. that&#8217;s quite simply been through the wars.. against another person&#8217;s mouth is objectively bizarre and unneccessary. Why the mouth? It took me a long time to fathom it but unfortunately I worked it out and it&#8217;s a little bit sad. So be warned fair reader from afar, from Saudi Arabia (!) or&#8230; Canada..

To explain I&#8217;ll use the example of one of my first dates ever back in high school. She was reasonably attractive, I was lanky, lanky, greasy and hormonal. We went to see a movie. Don&#8217;t remember what it was. After the film we sat and kind of talked but owing to my lack of knowledge about women I was overcome with the overwhelming sensation that I had no idea what I was doing. So I said nothing. Then she said &#8220;kiss me!&#8221;. If you know me most of the time anyone ever saying that anywhere is hilarious to me. Typing it here I still laugh and it&#8217;s been what&#8230; nine years? So I kissed her and chuckled as I did. Of course she thought I was laughing at her lips or kissing style or something. Fair judgement call I guess. Nevertheless we kept kissing and didn&#8217;t date again. It&#8217;s only now that this event seems to be relevant to my life.

I&#8217;ve been in a few long-term relationships and it would seem that women really like kissing. I would argue that they like it a lot more than playing computer games together and mood &#8211; dependant they like it more than *ANY* other sexual activity. So what is this all down to? Seems pretty straight forward. Men are mostly pretty dumb and are likely to laugh at queefing, say stupid shit or grunt awkwardly. By kissing it shuts up the man. From the dude&#8217;s perspective part of the reason he likes it at all is that the girl stops talking. In fact I find it interesting that women want a whole lot of talking most of the time but not during sex. Why is it a turn off to talk during the act? Well I&#8217;m certain it&#8217;s down to my final point; that kissing a person is akin to punching a giraffe. The head is a long way away but you climb up and do it nonetheless.