---
title: Grapes
author: logician
layout: post
permalink: /definitions/grapes/
aktt_notify_twitter:
  - yes
idNumber:
  - 62
aktt_tweeted:
  - 1
robotsmeta:
  - index,follow
---
Let&#8217;s all get utterly smashing tonight. <!--more-->Dress up and then get totalled. Let&#8217;s take out the waste! While all of these sentences sound like something but then aren&#8217;t. That&#8217;s pretty much grapes in a nutshell. You see grapes on the side of the road so you go and get them. These poor dudes get utterly destroyed. Your violent incisors crush and mutilate the flesh of the living. Assuming you put them out of their misery straight away by eating them then it&#8217;s not so bad. At least their bodies get pulverised instantly.

Stomping on them and then locking them in barrels only to be removed later on. Why do they come out all like wine? Of all the fruit, they’re the only ones with human traits. Skin, a brain and veins. Ever undressed one? (you sicko) Yeah the temptation to strip them is unique to grapes but just because something tempts you doesn’t mean you should have sex with yourself, I mean for god’s sake we all know you know you’re sick of having sex with your hands and they’re right there and you both want it, take it!

The thing is that the grapes don&#8217;t have *much* of a brain but generations ago they managed to work out that if they turn into alcohol they could get revenge on human society. Now while the attack itself is mostly pleasurable we&#8217;ve all seen what happens when an entire family of grapes get into your system. Captain Sauvignon Blanc leads its force on an all out assault on all of your bodily functions. You want to pee because the grapes are saying mean things to your bladder so it runs away. Ever wondered about tactical munts? It&#8217;s called so because they launch a tactical strike on your body. And boy do they make you remember.