---
title: Goose
author: logician
layout: post
permalink: /definitions/goose/
aktt_notify_twitter:
  - yes
idNumber:
  - 102
aktt_tweeted:
  - 1
robotsmeta:
  - index,follow
---
My lifelong dream has to call a goose on the phone. <!--more-->Just give one a call. I would call the farm and a goose would get out of the mud pile where it was loudly abusing some inferior quacking ducks. Then it would open the gate with its large, very powerful beak and push it open with all the force of a foie gras stew being erupted from a seriously sick child&#8217;s mouth.

The thing about children is they don&#8217;t like foie gras. Remember that. So this child is FULL of it and eats so much that the shit launches out of the mouth very hard. The goose continues, confident and now running quite quickly as the phone is still ringing. Its ringing can be heard quite clearly streets away so it&#8217;s no wonder that the goose is going so goose. Now the back door is the next obstacle. The goose pecks hard at the glass and smashes through with the strength of about 60 ants.

The phone is ringing still shrilly in the goose&#8217;s ear. Waddling rapidly the goose finds a phone book pile to climb to the top of the bench. He grabs the phone, throws it on the floor and answers it after hopping down.

&#8220;Quack?&#8221;

&#8220;a-moo!&#8221;

&#8220;oohohoackackquack&#8221;

&#8220;a-moo&#8221;

&#8220;quack quack quack quack&#8221;

The goose hangs up and quickly realises he&#8217;s just been pranked by the local fat cow who eats so much grass that it&#8217;s lost its grip on reality and thinks that a tree trunk is a phone receiver. As it happened that particular tree WAS a phone receiver but there&#8217;s a lesson there. The goose are responsible for all home burglary and arson.