---
title: Pancake
author: logician
layout: post
permalink: /definitions/pancake/
aktt_notify_twitter:
  - yes
idNumber:
  - 76
aktt_tweeted:
  - 1
robotsmeta:
  - index,follow
---
The world is flat. <!--more-->There. I said it. Readers of this website have been waiting years for me to say it. I don&#8217;t know why they couldn&#8217;t work it out for themselves. The evidence abounds in one of the most humble of foods. Wouldn&#8217;t you be humble if asked to give a speech on the state of the world when most of the time you&#8217;re stuck being eaten and covered in maple syrup? The physical nature of the pancake is comprised of the full gamut of human existence metaphorically. Because this is the case, the pancake itself must physically represent our own physical existence.

So when do you normally eat a pancake? Well the standard is breakfast &#8230; or dessert. Crepes are included under this here banner. So if you eat them at the start and end of the day, the time in between can be classed as &#8220;pancake time&#8221;. As well as this, the pancake and be either bubbly and flat, much like HAPPY AND SAD, two emotions which represent the entire gamut of human feeling. To round it all off the pancake is a circular shape. It is therefore the container for all life, translated as the circle of life.

I believe it was Simba who sang about the circle of life moving us all. Indeed the pancake moves us to eat it. Eat it with a range of condiments. These condiments represent the additions to life that expand it beyond the staple genetic print of instinct. Want some maple syrup? What do humans love the most with life. It&#8217;s sex. Sex is sticky but tastes sweet, leaving you with a mouthful that reflects intimacy. You could go on to the other types of pancakes as well. Consider it carefully and not only will your mind expand, the next time you eat one you&#8217;ll appreciate it for the life-giving flavour it releases all over your face.