---
title: Fashion
author: logician
layout: post
permalink: /definitions/fashion/
aktt_notify_twitter:
  - yes
idNumber:
  - 104
aktt_tweeted:
  - 1
robotsmeta:
  - index,follow
---
The fashion industry is a fickle one. <!--more-->Everyday there&#8217;s a new type of clothing invented for people to wear. Aside from this annoyance apparently some items of clothing are commanded to be more appealing based on the opinions of the very people who make them. Well I’ve had enough. It&#8217;s time i took over fashion land. Every day there would be a different coloured plain t-shirt, a slightly shorter pair of jeans (until they became underwear, at which point I&#8217;d restart the cycle) and finally a hat randomly selected from that hat shop no one goes into in the city. It would be a world much simpler than the fickle fuss we put up with at the moment.

While all the fashion designers were on permanent holiday they could hurry up and get their creative minds onto the issue of keys. They could help me by writing an essay on why the hell every single person needs a different key for their locks. Wouldn&#8217;t it make proper sense if all keys were the same? You could get into your house, safety deposit box and car all with the SAME key.

There&#8217;s no reason why locksmiths have to spend all their time FASHIONING individual keys. There you go. Deal with that epic segue pun. An example of the idiocy of multi-key-society-syndrome would be access to buildings in the city. The number of times I’ve wished I had access to the upper levels of business while i was bored in the city&#8230; It&#8217;s just not fair. In fact I&#8217;m going to go one step further and say that if we all had homogenous keys no one would EVER get bored. You could get into anyone&#8217;s house anywhere on the planet completely free of charge! No one would go hungry again because food would constantly be available. Any weapons of mass destruction would be accessible and could be found. Hell the jails would be empty (finally). So yeah if there&#8217;s any fashionistas out there, please&#8230; I implore you. Fix the key situation.