---
title: Dating
author: logician
layout: post
permalink: /definitions/dating/
aktt_notify_twitter:
  - yes
idNumber:
  - 55
robotsmeta:
  - index,follow
aktt_tweeted:
  - 1
---
Ah to be single. <!--more-->To be without the shackles of love, pain, happiness, misery and sex. Let&#8217;s face it, who really LIKES sex anyway. It&#8217;s a disgusting, repulsive act of human immorality that&#8217;ll put you in all kinds of hot water. Terrible thing to waste, sex. So just get rid of your sexual urges by being single! How stupid I hear you say. Why would you be single when you can have a boyfriend or girlfriend! This is the reason I want you to stay single forever. Who can choose? We&#8217;ve got men and women all around us. Women with penises, men with vaginas and breasts.

Odds are even if you catch the eye of some random person on the other side of the road you won&#8217;t even be able to copulate. It&#8217;s all a waste of time. Here are the steps, including the prices of each step, of being with someone.

**With Someone**

  1. Meet. Meat. If not, vegan. ($40 for night out, $10 for steak $12 for broccoli)
  2. Talk, no matter if you&#8217;re kalt (its winter in germany) ($200+ for multiple dates, and the $300 for a heater)
  3. *(if no sex before marriage) *Spend thousands on continuing to date.
  4. Undress, discover that the person you&#8217;ve chosen has the wrong type of genitals ($400 for therapy)
  5. Pay for corrective surgery ($7000+, depending on the genre you choose, action, rom com etc.)
  6. Have sex, wasting time, women&#8217;s juices and semen. ($13 for 10 condoms&#8230; and this is an ongoing cost, $400 a month for the pill)
  7. Get bored sexually and have to buy sex toys ($100+ each) 7. Fight, break up and sue the other for psychological damages ($3000+ for lawyers etc)

**Single **

  1. Buy tissues ($4)
  2. Go on internet and look for woman/man in compromising positions, hopefully gyrating or copulating with the furniture or pets. ($30 a month for internet or just turn on the TV during video hits which is FREE)
  3. Release sexual juices into the tissue and then go on with life without any suffering whatsoever (and avoiding bringing any spawn into the world, which is highly detrimental to the continuation of the human race)