---
title:
  - Cables
author: logician
layout: post
permalink: /definitions/cables/
aktt_notify_twitter:
  - yes
idNumber:
  - 85
aktt_tweeted:
  - 1
keywords:
  - 'logic, life, cables, blood, network, blue, internet, chewing '
description:
  - A definition of the use of cables in our internet drenched society.
robotsmeta:
  - index,follow
---
Plug them all in again. <!--more-->That&#8217;s what my parents used to flatly tell me when I&#8217;d unplugged all the things in the house for kicks. I was a small child and seeing their face as they turned on appliances only to yield no response was priceless. My favorite was the toaster; we have one that actually goes down even if it&#8217;s not plugged in. And to a parent that has to get up early to work and breastfeed, both of my fathers weren&#8217;t ready for that.

So I got older, I moved out of my house into another house and I began to consider all the things we do with cables. How we&#8217;re all connected, plugging shit in or just leaving them in all the time. The actual cable mechanism that utilises a literal female/male system to describe its two parts is fascinating. It is a reflection of the devisions in western society. The minorities are those cables you only use sometimes. The printers, the phone connection serial cable, you know the old dusty things that have a purpose but everyone just kind of wishes they didn&#8217;t have to use them. Then there is the exact opposite, the blue network cable. The bastard is as ubiquitous as racial intolerance in Texas.

So I decided to *go* to Texas and try an experiment to see if I fit into the &#8220;rednecks&#8221; there. I figured if the network cable is the most universally accepted thing in the world then I would help my nerdy white middle-classness get to the level of racially intolerant yokel by doing a few things with the blue plastic thing. First I started to chop off my arms and replace them with network cables. I went into a chemist for an aspirin because the pain was quite immense but was ignored, the person behind the counter absorbed in the local equivalent of &#8220;Hose and Horse&#8221; magazine. So then I replaced all of my limbs with cables and chewed my way across a shopping centre floorspace, eventually stopping exhausted in the middle of the space, covered in blood. Then everyone got their laptops out and plugged them into my new arms and legs and complained that the speed was almost at dial-up and they couldn&#8217;t be bothered waiting for their facebook notifications to appear. So they left and I went home disappointed.