---
title: Bad
author: logician
layout: post
permalink: /definitions/bad/
aktt_notify_twitter:
  - yes
idNumber:
  - 83
aktt_tweeted:
  - 1
robotsmeta:
  - index,follow
---
You&#8217;ve been a bad boy Greg! <!--more-->The word bad is fascinating to a westerner. There are two words for things. Bad and good. The thing about our culture is &#8220;bad&#8221; isn&#8217;t always bad. In fact most of the time it&#8217;s really good. As well as this, &#8220;good&#8221; can be used to describe something &#8220;bad&#8221; depending on environmental circumstance and whether or not the person has dyslexia. This confusion is drowned further into the muck of the English language when the word is used online. In the end it boils down to the fact that everything is &#8220;bad&#8221; to some degree and only SOME things are &#8220;good&#8221;. It was out of this grammatical decision that western society has become 

*drenched in depression and self-loathing*. In all other languages this use of the word is non-existent. Try to explain to a German why something is both &#8220;baaaad&#8221; and &#8220;goooood&#8221; and they&#8217;ll shoot your head off. The foreigners have much more respect for language and as such are on average much happier people. Since good and bad are essentially interchangeable you can wangle your way out of anything. How about getting caught with massive amounts of drugs in your car? The foreign cop pulls you over and:

*Me:* What seems to be the problem officer?

*<span style="text-decoration: underline;">Cop:</span>* You&#8217;ve got 4kg of heroin sitting in the passenger seat, badly disguised by some sunglasses.

*Me:* Oh you think that costume is *bad*? nice!

<span style="text-decoration: underline;"><em>Cop:</em></span> No I mean I can see that that is heroin.

*Me:* But I thought you said it was *baaaaaad* \*goes for high five\*

*<span style="text-decoration: underline;">Cop:</span> *Oh you mean that the disguise is* good*?

*Me:* Woooa look at mr. *good*y *good*y. Chill out man.

<span style="text-decoration: underline;">C</span>*<span style="text-decoration: underline;">op</span>*<span style="text-decoration: underline;">:</span> I think you should get out of the car, you&#8217;ve been bad and I&#8217;m going to take your heroin and put you in jail.

*Me:* Wait are you hitting on me? My ass is quite loose!

<span style="text-decoration: underline;"><em>Cop:</em></span> \*blushing\* Well I&#8230; well&#8230; I don&#8217;t&#8230; get out of the car!!!!

*Me: *Ok I&#8217;ll get out but I&#8217;m going to leave the heroin in there. All good?

*<span style="text-decoration: underline;">Cop:</span>* No I need to seize it. It&#8217;s bad to leave drugs around.

*Me:* Oh so now you think it&#8217;s cool? Make up your mind.

At this point the cop either gives up and walks off or bribes you into sex. Either way you get off.