---
title: Tooting
author: logician
layout: post
permalink: /definitions/tooting/
aktt_notify_twitter:
  - yes
idNumber:
  - 113
aktt_tweeted:
  - 1
requestPost:
  - Lizzie
robotsmeta:
  - index,follow
---
The great colloquialism isn&#8217;t entirely dead. <!--more-->Animals can&#8217;t understand if you&#8217;re talking about your mate or the latest shrimp off the barby. They might however get 

*your* attention if you used your car horn. Some animals are deaf and get run over and squished into smaller parcels for eating by vegans desperately scouring the roads for meat that&#8217;s ben killed fresh. So how to get through to animals? Unfortunately the governing factor in the communication of communication to animals is that we betrayed their kind long ago. Specifically we betrayed owls. Owls are small birds, likely to be in your backyard at some stage. Not all the owls, just some.

Now an owl on average hoots four or five times a minute. It&#8217;s a deep, rumbling howl that shakes the foundations of your house. The dudes are pissed off&#8230; and for good reason. The owl was run over one two many times by men in cars/ rolling rocks back in the day. They tried to adapt by only being awake at night, making their eyes bigger and their beaks smaller. Less eating meant leaner, meaner fighting vehicle birdies. Still we *kept* running them over. So they turned some of their kind into big melty squishy breasts. If that doesn&#8217;t make sense be my guest and explain bras for me. They keep the squishy shit solid with subtle coolant sprays onto the surface of the goo.

As well as bestowing women with this goo the chief owl put a curse on men to like these squishy thangs. Without bras breasts melt and the melted owl goo runs away, causing the women to be less appealing to males and an epic loss of self esteem. So clearly we need bras and this all serves to explain why men *toot* at *hooters* as they pass them by in the owl-murdering cars.