---
title: Singing
author: logician
layout: post
permalink: /definitions/singing/
aktt_notify_twitter:
  - yes
idNumber:
  - 74
aktt_tweeted:
  - 1
robotsmeta:
  - index,follow
---
While most of us are quite content<!--more--> just speaking to one another, there are those who insist on ruining the good name of music in the name of none other than singing. What a far reaching, broad statement I hear you cry. Well let&#8217;s start at the base level of the a musician. A normal musician&#8217;s day is spent waking up at around 2pm, eating something 

*(probably eggs, let&#8217;s face it it&#8217;s always eggs even if you don&#8217;t want to eat eggs there&#8217;s nothing else unless you&#8217;re an emu, in which case it&#8217;s still eggs because emu eggs are like the size of four eggs!)* and then sitting down to your instrument to play, practice until you have some semblance of skill, at which point you are able to play punk music (zing!). The thing about this glorious routine is that it completely differs from that of a singer. As follows:

The singer wakes up and doesn&#8217;t eat, he just drinks water. A lot because last night there was alcohol and he can&#8217;t speak without hawking up some phlegm. Once the throat is cleared the singer goes and has a shower while all the other band members, possibly still hungover, attempt to remember how their instruments work. After a time the singer emerges from the bathroom and begins to sing. What comes out is a pitch perfect series of notes RUINED by adding WORDS to them. Everybody cringes at the lame lyrics and to be honest in a fit of hungover rage, kills the cawwing catastrophe.

The number of perfectly good songs with nice vocal *melodies* **weakened to the point of generic disregard** by adding words is infinite. There is no reason why the singer has to add words. Most of the time there is nothing new or interesting for anyone to say once, let alone three or four times (chorus) followed by some non-sensical gibberish like doot doots and wah wahs.

Not content with annoying everyone with their &#8220;lyrics&#8221; (a fancy word for WANK) the singer actually has no definable skill and is useless. Sit down with a guitarist and he&#8217;ll be able to tell you exactly how something is done from the notes to the effects, it&#8217;s all calculable. Ask a singer and it will say:

*&#8220;well it&#8217;s really easy, just go like \*sings a vocal line\*&#8221;*

Well that&#8217;s all well and good but it is completely unquantifiable and therefore irrevocably insipid and stupid. Get a real instrument.