---
title: Slices
author: logician
layout: post
permalink: /definitions/slices/
aktt_notify_twitter:
  - yes
  - yes
idNumber:
  - 130
aktt_tweeted:
  - 1
robotsmeta:
  - index,follow
---
Cutting up food into smaller chunks makes sense. <!--more-->The distribution ability of a carrot is huge if it&#8217;s in small pieces. All of your family can eat one carrot. The same goes for potatoes. Chips! The thing that food companies realised a long time ago is that if you reduce food down to slices, or simply smaller versions of their original selves then food could be consumed easier, teeth would get smaller and eventually people wouldn&#8217;t need any teeth&#8230; at all! For a company to produce a solid food it takes a lot of effort so liquid is the obvious mass production goal. Here&#8217;s why.

First of all they take a potato, mash it, clean it, mash it, sterlise it and the put it in slice moulds before being chipped off in boats across the salt-lantic ocean. It would be much cheaper to avoid the moulds. Oh but what about home cooking I hear you ask! No see, carrots don&#8217;t have that bit in the centre normally. You can&#8217;t see that bit until you chop open the darn things! This tube of inner carrot lighter bit is the processed carrot inserted by coles and woolworths for corporate gain. Carrots are filled with processed carrot so that when you cook them yourself the companies can make you think that you&#8217;re cooking a product from the earth.

Then there&#8217;s capsicums! Those aren&#8217;t seeds on the inside there. Just for fun companies filled these vegetables with whale semen which is so large you can see the individual semen bits. Don&#8217;t get me started on tomatoes. Serious corporate humor there. So rebel against sliced anything. If you have to eat, ensure you eat fresh fruit and vegetables whole. If you don&#8217;t have a big enough mouth you might as well be fellating the greed that governs our way of life and eating.