---
title: Blinking
author: logician
layout: post
permalink: /definitions/blinking/
aktt_notify_twitter:
  - yes
requestPost:
  - Jazz
idNumber:
  - 46
aktt_tweeted:
  - 1
robotsmeta:
  - index,follow
---
As far as the eye can see the sky exists. <!--more-->Beyond that, maybe another sky. Maybe another universe lies just beyond the clouds. Don&#8217;t bother worrying, you&#8217;re safe because 

**Newton invented gravity** to stop us floating away. It&#8217;s safe here child. Go through life knowing only one thing. If you&#8217;re not feeling wet enough, remember the parable of the roller door and the world like sphere, frozen in space and time.

One day the roller door was prepared for work. Letting people in and out of the car park was a fairly easy job. Go up and down a lot in the morning and night, occasionally and cheekily shitting on the cars that go past. Think it was birds? Nothing is birds. Anyway the door eventually rusted up. A great storm approached and the roller door wasn&#8217;t closed. It couldn&#8217;t. The rain poured into the large open hole. Because the earth wasn&#8217;t spinning the water flew into the hole but wasn&#8217;t held by gravity. It stuck to the walls and all of the cars in the room started floating around. The door got angry and screamed. A spawn scream from the mouth of hell&#8217;s gate. The earth was shaken into rotation and gravity was put into motion. Also suddenly night and day began, meaning rain was only allowed out at night.

A link was established between the earth and it&#8217;s mechanical inhabitants. Life went on and the link was held fast. A gangsta vacuum cleaner couldn&#8217;t start one stormy night. He sat down and sang softly to himself the chant of life:

&#8220;I be linking, from the ghetto to the riser, out of this hole i despise her, slack the cord that holds life killing a bust of strife link the bitch over me, I be ready to link.&#8221;

The earth opens and closes between night and day, between seeing and blindess. Now as a sign of respect humans do the same. We be-linking. Blinking.