---
title: Redheads
author: logician
layout: post
permalink: /definitions/redheads/
aktt_notify_twitter:
  - yes
idNumber:
  - 117
aktt_tweeted:
  - 1
robotsmeta:
  - index,follow
---
Much maligned in contemporary society the redhead is something of an elitist enigma. <!--more-->The proletariat choose to frame the redhead in a discourse of mocking and exaggeration. Today I will prove within reasonable doubt that the redhead is an unfortunate mistake but one that has eventuated in increased levels of freckles and annoying hair.

The first point I have is: &#8220;Where are all the red-headed animals?&#8221; While this may seem obvious if you really think about it there are NO other animals that have ever existed that have had red hair, pasty complexion and a propensity for drama. Albinoism exists in every animal but you don&#8217;t see elephants wandering down the street with long, curly red hair and freckles now do you?

Of course this post may be red as an attack on red-heads. Don&#8217;t get me wrong! I love redheads. My sister has gone in and out of phases of red-headism. But what is the real reason behind their lingering intensity in the human genome? Consider this: A bunch of normal humans all stand in a circle. Suddenly it&#8217;s night time and they have no light. Uncle James only has to call &#8220;redhead&#8221; (after 9pm) and from the mouth of a redhead a giant torch will shine. You see for all of their failings and annoyances Redheads are the only &#8220;super-human&#8221; humans. If they aren&#8217;t given the chance to let this irritating amount of light erupt from their orifice(s?) then they get angry, their heads get redder, their skin gets pissed off and hot, burning freckles into the surface and their hair gets more frizzy and harder to de-knot.

Therefore despite the common theory that a redhead is &#8220;on fire&#8221; perpetually; making a joke about the similarity of their hair colour to that of fire, a redhead is actually just really warm because they have all this light that they can&#8217;t embarrassingly let out. Imagine you&#8217;re out on the town and chatting up someone and their mouth BLINDS you in the dim dank of the bar. What society needs to realise is that this light can be harnessed and it&#8217;s win win. The red-heads don&#8217;t have as many freckles and the humans have a unique source of energy at their disposal. Light-houses, Neon shop-front lights, hell even TRAFFIC lights could be powered. We&#8217;re thinking green in these tempestuous times. How about we think red for a change?