---
title: Accepted
author: logician
layout: post
permalink: /definitions/accepted/
aktt_notify_twitter:
  - yes
requestPost:
  - Ian
idNumber:
  - 59
aktt_tweeted:
  - 1
robotsmeta:
  - index,follow
---
Stare at your loved one. <!--more-->Maybe it&#8217;s a pet, maybe it&#8217;s a girlfriend or boyfriend. You want them to be around forever. You can see them getting old and you&#8217;re there standing beside them. Hell you can even get over not having sex ever. So you&#8217;ve welcomed them into yourself and they&#8217;ve done the same to you. Then you wait a while. Maybe it&#8217;s a year, maybe four. One cold winter the harsh sunlight of change burns through the curtains in your room, waking you suddenly from a peaceful sleep. You get up and feel violently ill like the plague has come over you. Yeah sure the toilet tells you off for coming near it (the poor things eat shit for fuck&#8217;s sake, don&#8217;t make it a full bile house!)

You munt for hours. It’s almost like you’re getting rid of your very soul. Then you look at your reflection in the bottom of the toilet. You are your loved one for about five seconds. Then you munt one final time, and a soul seems to leave you. You stand up alone and you go and break it off with the nearest loved one and you’re alone again, finally. Accepting the love of another is a brutal process on your body and inevitably ends in rejection.

You swap souls with the person so that you can be as close as you can to them but after a while your body wakes up and realises that it isn’t who it was meant to be and gets rid of this poisoning, powerfully. Heartbreak? No. Your heart is fine. In fact it should be called “Heartfix”. You are only yourself when you’re with yourself. Look at it this way. When you die do you die WITH someone? You can only be content enough to die when you’re alone.