---
title: Marriage
author: logician
layout: post
permalink: /definitions/marriage/
aktt_notify_twitter:
  - yes
idNumber:
  - 78
aktt_tweeted:
  - 1
robotsmeta:
  - index,follow
---
There are those amongst us who persist with relationships.<!--more--> They keep them going for whatever reason even though they&#8217;re both clearly used to one another. Sure I understand the security of having someone close by you but &#8220;forever more&#8221;? It goes 

*against* logic and we just can&#8217;t have that on this site. Who would actually want another ridiculous human by your side? Well as it turns out the act of marriage is just a technicality for an uncontrollable consequence of a perfectly normal sexual experience.

It begins with holding hands. Notice how when you hold hands with someone you end up all clammy and gross but you still do it? It&#8217;s a test for the strength of the relationship as well as how we ll you&#8217;ll be able to fist each other. Ok I put it really bluntly there. Here I see you rolling your eyes thinking I just put that in for effect but really the act holds thre key to marriage. Most people who get married young do so for religious reasons. They can&#8217;t have sex so they figure they should get married so they can! Totally understand that. The thing is this is a relatively small part of the population to everyone else. So it goes like this. You&#8217;re lying in bed getting all handsy and you decide to experiment with fisting (anal).

Both parties seem ok with it so it ends up in a fist-for-all. Then you&#8217;re really going to town on your partner and he/she is going to town on you. Then all of a sudden you both cum at the same time. The next day one of the two people will propose to the other and suddenly then you&#8217;re married and fighting. The ring you get for your partner symbolises the experience of fisting. It&#8217;s on your hand, and it&#8217;s quite far down your finger. Like you were in him/her. Fighting while marriage is just an attempt to regain the once &#8211; held brutality of anal lust.