---
title: Scoop
author: logician
layout: post
permalink: /definitions/scoop/
aktt_notify_twitter:
  - yes
idNumber:
  - 109
aktt_tweeted:
  - 1
robotsmeta:
  - index,follow
---
Inside the freezer Timmy&#8217;s heart lay still and beating. <!--more-->It had been left there over a month ago by the local mortician. The assumption was that inside the freezer living tissue is preserved in the state you put it in there in. No one really knew it was beating. In fact if they had known it would have been a lot of boring paperwork and a shitty hollywood movie. A heart that beats below zero would be like convincing your aunt that she&#8217;s the shemale in the family. Interesting but ultimately a waste of time.

Out on the corner of the street Timmy stood handing out his newspapers for free. In the good ol&#8217; days people would give him some money for the publications but ever since his pubication (the addition of pubic hair and adolescence) people just punched him in the face and moved on, not having to worry about some tiny child giving them squishy didgy puppy dog eyes. The end of the day drew near and the news had gotten old. Old like the bones that timmy dug up in the graveyard and licked the meat off. Outside the cemetary a large ape who escaped from the zoo watched with a mix of trepidation and wonder.

So: The ape escapes from the zoo because some of the keepers didn&#8217;t realise that their playstation game &#8220;ape escape&#8221; was actually controlling the zoo&#8217;s door controls. The ape is a racist. Timmy has a lot of newspapers. The white child with his white paper covered in seemingly obtrusive black lines seemed to represent the oppression of his race.

So the ape follows timmy until he has a chance. The ape tears open timmy&#8217;s ribcage quite slowly. The man can only barely struggle. The ape removes the heart and vomits a tiny pumping contraction, carefully surgically placing this thing inside the heart. Then he throws the heart to a nearby mortician who catches it, puts it in the freezer, gets out the ice cream, scoops some out and sits down to watch sex and the city.