---
title: Mugs
author: logician
layout: post
permalink: /definitions/mugs/
aktt_notify_twitter:
  - yes
aktt_tweeted:
  - 1
idNumber:
  - 77
robotsmeta:
  - index,follow
---
Time for a coffee break! <!--more-->Yeah that&#8217;s right get up out of your chair and go and make yourself a tasty brew. Heat water and add stuff. And pour it into.. a mug. This is the point that I&#8217;m always hesitant at. Do I use a mug or a glass? Glasses are prettier and allow you to see better but mugs can protect you from the heat of the drink. So you always go for the mug. As always, the mug&#8217;s origins are based in evolutionary traits. You can still see evidence of them if you get a runt human (if you can find one) and boil it until the mouth comes off, unaffected by the heat.

Small runt humans used to be everywhere. They got genetically weeded out but it took a long time. They were literally absorbed&#8230; wait that doesn&#8217;t make sense let me start from the start. Traditionally hot beverages were drunk from the mouths of runt humans that had very heat resistant mouths; their mother realising at birth the child had no future pouring boiling water into their mouths every day to toughen them up so they&#8217;d have a future. So noblemen would drink from the runts&#8217; mouths at parties.

The problem was if the drink was warm mead the noblemen would eventually get drunk and hungry, and with nothing else to eat they&#8217;d chow down on the runts. This process evolved until the only place the runts existed in was the *body* of the noblemen. Since the only trait from the runts that was useful to the noblemen was a heat resistant mouth eventually the runts were just a heat resistant cup that evolved on the nobleman&#8217;s jaw (hence the phrase &#8220;ya mug&#8221; or &#8220;mug shot&#8221; meaning literally to do shots out of the mug on a man&#8217;s jaw). In practice the mug on the jaw was a huge inconvenience so it became common place to chop that shit off and attach a fish&#8217;s fins to it so it could be held. So it came down to success through the death of the weakest part of our species. Works for me!