---
title: Fly Spray
author: logician
layout: post
permalink: /definitions/fly-spray/
aktt_notify_twitter:
  - yes
idNumber:
  - 52
requestPost:
  - Liam (1/3)
aktt_tweeted:
  - 1
robotsmeta:
  - index,follow
---
Let down your hair rapunzel! <!--more-->I shall climb up it and get inside ya! Yes it&#8217;s a racey extension (much like her hair!) of a long and worn out piece of storytelling. There&#8217;s a dude or a dudess in every story that&#8217;s filling the purpose of the main character. The protagonist. Such a tired but true element of storytelling. Now put yourself in the mind of the original writer of the story. His name was fuckface. Now would you put a name like that on a book? Yeah no wonder its credited as &#8220;anonymous&#8221;. Now anonymous was sitting there with a blank slate. Nothing came to his head. He was creatively dead, having spent himself writing manuals for dissecting bread. (succeeded swiftly by knives)

He sat there for hours as many writers do, getting more and more frustrated. There was a fly in his room. Jesus that noise.. It&#8217;s really getting to me. Ok&#8230; god damn it&#8230; Right that&#8217;s it. Up gets anonymous. He gets the fly spray and destroys the fly, pumping a whole lot of the mist into the insect. Satisfied, he goes and sits down. No sooner than he doesn&#8217;t and vibrant images of some chick with long blonde hair being stuck in a stupid tower only to be rescued by some stupid ape. Brilliant! He&#8217;s forgotten about the fly. He ends the book and never has to write again. What a genius! Even has enough money to change his name to fluckface.

The fly wasn&#8217;t dead. It lay twitching on the floor for a time, in absolute heaven. In the biggest, most intense drug high its ever been through. In the high there&#8217;s a blonde and a man who saves her by getting up there by her hair.. Then it&#8217;s over and the fly goes to get some food to come down. Notice anything? The drug trip was telepathically communicated to the author. The only time inspiration comes is when we&#8217;re pissed off at a fly buzzing about and suddenly we have a hero in our minds, ready to go on the adventure. Flies always come back, the stuffs like heroin to them.