---
title: Snorkel
author: logician
layout: post
permalink: /definitions/snorkel/
aktt_notify_twitter:
  - yes
idNumber:
  - 65
aktt_tweeted:
  - 1
robotsmeta:
  - index,follow
---
A Children&#8217;s Moral Fable: <!--more-->&#8220;Head down children!&#8221; That&#8217;s right. Just get your head down and get your work done. I&#8217;m sick of hearing this. Every day I go to my local primary school and watch all of the children. I hear this said all the time! Ridiculous words from the teacher&#8217;s mouth. The irritating thing about teachers is that they blindly spit hyperbole without thinking. I had my face against the glass watching intently as little timmy stood up from the class of children, highlighted by the teacher&#8217;s directed, forceful spittle.

*&#8220;Listen you little prick if you don&#8217;t get your head down and get some work done I&#8217;m going to call up your mother and tempt her sexually! You can bet that there is no way you&#8217;ll ever have another lunch break if you don&#8217;t get some work done. LOOK AT YOUR TINY WEAK ARMS. I could snap them. I will in your nightmares. I want you to imagine what it would be like if I snapped all your limbs.&#8221;*

While this kind of language is normal at today&#8217;s primary schools, I can&#8217;t help but feel it&#8217;s over the top. Timmy kept taking this can of whoop-ass until the class was over. I took him aside afterwards and gave him something that could fix everything. I opened my long dark coat, feeling for the warm, hard (but still a bit squishy) tool. Timmy grabbed it and ran back inside. Class resumed and I resumed standing outside the window, watching the action unfold. Timmy took out the snorkel and took his seat. the teacher instantly noticed the tomfoolery and highlighted the child.

*&#8220;Get that fucking PIECE OF SHIT off your tiny, fucked up face. If I catch you mucking around ever again I&#8217;ll kill all of your classmates. Want that guilt over your head? I think not.&#8221;*

Timmy squinted through the goggles hard and imagined something else. Something other than this hell. He promptly was sucked through the snorkel tube and transported to the teacher&#8217;s head, where he proceeded to take off the teacher&#8217;s scalp with a stick of chalk fashioned into a blade. Then he squinted hard again. Timmy didn&#8217;t have tiny weak arms. The teacher had no head because it was torn off.