---
title: Order
author: logician
layout: post
permalink: /definitions/order/
aktt_notify_twitter:
  - yes
requestPost:
  - Lauren
idNumber:
  - 68
aktt_tweeted:
  - 1
robotsmeta:
  - index,follow
---
Now maybe I&#8217;m wrong<!--more-->, but I&#8217;ve seen a lot in my life. I&#8217;ve seen waterfalls, a whole shit load of grass and on top of all of that I&#8217;m still alive despite travelling in things that are highly dangerous. I haven&#8217;t even gone bungee jumping, sky diving or rickshaw mounting but I can see what it would all be like. I think it&#8217;s a bit like the order of things. To simplify, one thing that you do is hardly different to any other thing; you can get as much out of life as someone who thinks they&#8217;ve gotten more.

If someone [bought me a star][1] I wouldn&#8217;t really care. How is that really different from someone just talking to me, or me getting up in the morning. I guess it&#8217;s because all experience is relative except for the ORDER of things. In fact the only thing that makes life interesting is order. It also follows that ordering is just as beneficial to our socio-semiotic existence.

Let&#8217;s say that you&#8217;ve just come back from one of those trite &#8220;spiritual journeys&#8221;. You went somewhere out of the ordinary, maybe you think your eyes were opened. Now it seems to mean a lot to you when you come back, you talk about it all the time and you think that your life has changed. It is a virtual guarantee that within the first few days something will happen that will affect you in such a way that you only concentrate only on it and begin to move on, forget this expensive, over-the-top  and overboard &#8220;enlightening&#8221; journey.

You simply have a really awesome slice of pizza. The topping is happening RIGHT NOW. It makes you forget seeing mount kilimanjaro, the cheese is cooked to perfection better than anything you heard or saw at a market in London or Paris and nothing else seems to matter (if only for a short time). Essentially if you consider order as a coping mechanism for experience in life, there really isn&#8217;t much point ever leaving your house for more than a few hours. You&#8217;ll experience just as much, if not more there in the long run.

 [1]: http://www.starregistry.com.au/faq.html